the person got bread from a refrigerator .
the person got a toaster from a drawer .
the person got two pieces of bread .
the person put two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person put the bread away .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up the cabinet .
the person retrieved a half loaf of bagged bread .
the person set the bag of bread on the counter .
the person pulled a toaster out of the bottom cabinet .
the person raised up his pop up electrical outlet on the counter .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person unraveled the wire tie around the bread .
the person got two pieces of bread out of the bag .
the person put the two pieces of bread into the toaster .
the person pushed down the lever .
the person watched the toast begin to warm up .
the person stared into space for awhile , .
the person decided to tie the bag of bread back up .
the person returned the remaining loaf of bread to the cabinet , .
the person came back to the counter .
the person investigated the toaster .
a few seconds of rolling his fingers on the counter .
the person watched the bread toast a little more .
the person decided to speed up the long process by turning the knob control to a lighter toast setting .
the freshly made toast popped up , .
the person tried to retrieve the freshly made toast , the freshly made toast was too hot to handle with his hands .
so the person went back to the cabinet .
the person got a small plate for his toast .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person pushed the pop up electrical outlet back down .
the person returned the toaster to its the toasters cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person placed two pieces of bread into the toaster .
the person placed the loaf of bread back into the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person placed the toaster back into the drawer .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person grabbed a toaster .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person placed two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person waited for the toaster to finish .
the person wrapped the loaf of bread up .
the person placed the loaf back where he got the loaf .
the person released the bread from the toaster .
the person placed the toast on a plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person placed the toaster back where he grabbed the toaster from .
first the cook pulled some bread out of the pantry .
the person got a toaster from under the counter .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person got out two pieces of bread .
the person placed two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person checked the temperature setting .
the person lowered the bread into the toaster .
the person waited for the toaster .
the person waited , he tied up the bread .
the person replaced the bread in the pantry .
the person pulled a plate out of the cabinet .
the person removed the toast from the toaster .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person replaced the toaster underneath the cabinet .
the cook brought a loaf of sandwich bread over to the work area .
the person lifted the toaster up to the black granite counter .
the person pulled the power tower up in the center of the area .
the fellow plugged the toaster into the tower .
the person took two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person inserted the bread in the slots atop the toaster .
the person engaged the toaster .
the time passed the coils heated and the bread toasted .
the person sealed the loaf .
the person returned the loaf to the pantry shelf .
the bread continued toasting .
the cook popped the bread up in the toaster .
the person got a white plate .
the person put the toast on a white plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person submerged the power tower .
the person put the toaster away .
the person stood ready to decorate his toast with a topping .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got a loaf of bread .
the person got a toaster out of a drawer .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person selected two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person put two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person watched the clock .
the person waited .
the person put the loaf of bread back in the pantry .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person selected a plate .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster away .
a fellow walked straight to the cabinet .
the person took a loaf of bread .
the person bent down .
the person emerged with a toaster from a cabinet beneath the stovetop .
the person lifted an outlet from out of the counter .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person untwisted the tie , .
the person opened the loaf of bread opened the loaf of bread .
the person removed two slices .
the fellow adjusted the control on the toaster .
the person pushed down the handle .
the person waited close to the toaster , .
the person rested his hand on the counter , .
the person stared towards the back of the kitchen .
the person returned his body to the toaster .
the person stared at the toaster .
the person waited .
the person stared at the toaster .
the person picked up the loaf .
re-twisted the tie .
the person returned the bread to the cabinet .
the person returned to the toaster counter , .
the person tapped his fingers on the counter , .
the person stared at the toaster .
the fellow turned the toaster off .
the toast popped up .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person returned with a plate , .
the person placed the two slices of bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person lowered the outlet into the counter , .
the person opened a drawer below the stove top , .
the person placed the toaster inside , .
the person closed the drawer .
the person got the bread from the cabinet .
the person put the bread on the counter .
the person got the toaster from the cabinet .
the person put the toaster on the counter .
the person raised the electrical outlet .
the person plugged the toaster into the electrical outlet .
the person opened the bread package .
the person took out two slices .
the person adjusted the settings on the toaster .
the person pressed the button to begin the toast cycle .
the person waited .
the person closed the bread package .
the person returned the bread to the cabinet .
the person pressed the button to eject the toast .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person lowered the electrical outlet .
the person put the toaster into the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet behind the stove , .
the person took a pack of white bread .
the person put a pack of white bread on the bench .
the person took out the toaster from the cupboard below the bench .
the person plugged the toaster in the bench plug .
the person opened the package , .
the person took out two slices , .
the person slid two bread slices in .
the person regulated the toaster .
the person waited , .
the person resealed the bread package .
the person put the bread package back in the cabinet .
one minute and a half , the person deliberately switched off the timer so to make the toastd bread jump out .
the person took the two toasted bread slices .
the person put the two toasted bread slices in a plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster again in the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out some bread .
the person took out a toaster .
the person plugged the toaster into an outlet .
the person opened the bag containing the bread .
the person put two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person closed the bag containing the bread .
the person put the bread away .
the person continued to wait for the bread to toast .
the person stopped the toaster .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person put the toaster away .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the kitchen cupboard .
the person removed an electric toaster from the cupboard .
the person set an electric toaster on the countertop .
the person plugged the toaster into a wall outlet to supply the toaster with electricity .
the person removed two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread into the two slots of the toaster .
the person adjusted the dial on the toaster to control how long the bread would be toasted for .
the person pushed down on the toaster lever to drop the slices of bread into the toaster and start the toasting process .
the person waited approximately two minutes for toasting to complete .
the person waited , .
the person put away the loaf of bread .
two minutes , the bread completed toasting .
the person popped up out of the toaster .
the person removed a small plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the toast on the small plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster away .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person pulled a toaster out of a drawer .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person placed two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person adjusted the settings .
the person toasted the bread .
the person waited for the toast to be complete .
the person leaned against the counter .
the person tapped his finger .
the person closed the loaf of bread .
the person returned the loaf of bread to the fridge .
the person returned to the counter .
the person continued to wait .
the person released the bread from the toaster .
the person searched the cabinets for a plate .
the person plated the toast .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person returned the toaster to the cabinet .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person plugged the toaster into the outlet .
the person opened the loaf of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread into the toaster .
the person put the bread back in the cabinet .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the pieces of toast onto the plate .
the person placed the toaster back in the drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person grabbed a toaster .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person opened the bread .
the person grabbed two slices .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person put the bread away .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person put the finished toast on the plate .
the person put the toaster away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person grabbed a half-loaf of bread .
the person opened another cabinet .
the person grabbed the toaster .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person opened the bread bag .
the person grabbed two pieces .
the person put the bread into the toaster .
the person turned on the toaster .
the person placed the bread back .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed the toasted bread on the plate .
the person put away the toaster in the cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread from the refrigerator in the back wall .
the person took the bread to the front countertop .
the person brought up a toaster from below .
the person extracted an electrical outlet from the countertop .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person inserted the bread , .
the person turned on the outlet power .
the person set the timer , .
the person began toasting the bread .
the person spent his time waiting by looking about at various places .
the person fastened the wrapped loaf .
the person returned the wrapped loaf to the refrigerator .
a little more waiting the person manually deactivated the toaster .
the person took a plate from the cabinet in the back wall , .
the person placed his toast upon a plate .
the person unplugged the toaster , .
closed the electrical outlet , .
the person put the toaster away .
the person stood briefly in front of the counter .
the person pulled out a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out the toaster .
the person popped up an outlet post .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person opened the loaf of bread .
the person pulled out two pieces of bread .
the person set the toaster .
the person started to toast the bread .
the person stood there .
the person waited for the toast to cook .
the person leaned on his left arm .
person turned around .
the person retied the loaf of bread .
the person stored the loaf of bread in the pantry .
the person stood at the toaster again .
the person waited for the toast to finish .
the person popped the toast out .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person placed the toast on the plate , .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person lowered the outlet post .
the person stored the toaster in the drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person took the toaster out of the cabinet .
the person plugged in the toaster on the counter .
the person took two slices of bread out of the bag .
the person put the two slices into the toaster .
the person put the loaf of bread back in the cabinet .
the person popped the toasted bread .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person put the two slices of bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster back in the cabinet .
the person took a bag of bread out of the pantry .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person put two slices of bread into the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed two plums from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , a bowl , and a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the plums .
the person peeled one plum .
the person sliced the plum .
the person peeled the other plum .
the person sliced the second plum .
the person ate a small piece of plum .
the person situated things on the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person picked out two plums .
the person placed two plums on the counter .
the person got out a small cutting board and bowl .
the person got out two knives from the drawer .
the person removed a stem from a plum .
the person threw a stem away .
the person rinsed both plums in the sink .
the person peeled one of the plums over the bowl with a paring knife .
the person cut the plum into slices .
the person discarded the pit .
the person peeled the other plum with the paring knife .
the person cut the second plum into slices .
the person discarded the pit .
the person removed two nectarines from the refrigerator .
the person removed a bowl , cutting board and some knifes from a drawer .
the person washed the nectarines .
the person peeled the one nectarine into the bowl .
the person cut the nectarine in half and slices .
the person put the pit in the bowl .
the person repeated this cutting for the second nectarine .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two pieces of fruit from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board , bowl , and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the fruit in the sink .
the person peeled the one of the pieces of fruit over the bowl with the knife .
the person cut the peeled fruit into small pieces .
the person repeated the cutting process with the second piece of fruit .
the person removed two plums from the refrigerator .
the person removed a bowl and cutting board from the drawer .
the person took out a knife from another drawer .
the person washed the plums in the sink .
the person peeled the skin off of one plum .
the person sliced the plum into pieces .
the person peeled the skin off the other plum .
the person sliced this plum into pieces .
the person ate one of the pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got some produce from the fridge .
the person put the produce on the counter .
the person got a cutting board , knife , and bowl from under the counter .
the person rinsed the produce .
the person started to peel the produce with the knife over the bowl .
the person sliced the produce into pieces on the cutting board .
the person peeled the produce .
the person ate a piece of the sliced produce .
the person pulled two plums from the refrigerator .
the person sat two plums on the counter .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet and two knives from the drawer .
the person washed the plums .
the person peeled each plum .
the person sliced each plum on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed some plums from the refrigerator .
the person removed a bowl and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person wiped his hands on a towel .
than removed two knives from another drawer .
the person proceeded to wash the plums .
the person cleaned the plums .
the person peeled the plums .
the person looked up multiple times as he peeled and cut the plums .
the person placed the peels in the bowl .
the person than sliced the plums on the cutting board .
the person than shook his head , .
the person ate a piece of the plum .
the person put some pieces of the plum in the bowl with the peels .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed two plums from the refrigerator .
the person took a small stainless steel bowl , a cutting board and two knives from a drawer .
the person removed a sticker from a plum .
the person threw a sticker in the trash .
the person rinsed both plums .
the person grabbed a peeling knife .
the person peeled both plums .
the person left the skin in the bowl .
the person cut both plums in half .
the person cut each half into smaller pieces with the same peeling knife .
the person took each plum half .
the person ate a piece from one of the plums .
the person entered .
the person headed straight to the fridge .
the person took out two plums , .
the person reached into a cabinet for a bowl and a cutting board .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person washed both plums in the sink .
the person used a paring knife to peel a plum into the bowl .
the person sliced the flesh off of the pit .
the person repeated the cutting process with the second plum .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went into the refrigerator .
the person got out two peaches .
the person took a bowl out of the drawer .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person washed the peaches in the sink .
the person peeled one of the peaches .
the person put the skin in the bowl .
the person cut the peach .
the person put the sections on the cutting board .
the person threw the pit into the bowl .
the person peeled the second peach .
the person put the skin in the bowl .
the person cut the second peach .
the person put the sections on the cutting board .
the person tasted a piece of the peach .
the person threw the second pit into the bowl .
the person got two plums from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board , a bowl , and two knives from a drawer .
the person pulled the stem from the plums .
the person rinsed the plums .
the person peeled a plum with a small knife .
the person put the peels in the bowl .
the person chopped the plum into small chunks .
the person peeled the other plum .
the person chopped the plum into small chunks .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two plums , a bowl , a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the plums in the sink .
the person peeled one plum with the knife , .
the person placed the peels into the bowl .
the person cut the plum into wedges around the core , .
the person discarded the core into the bowl .
the person peeled the other plum , .
the person cut the other plum into wedges as well .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took two plums from his refrigerator .
the person took a metal bowl , cutting board , small and large knife .
the person plucked the stem of one plum .
the person threw the stem in trash .
the person washed the plumps .
the person began to peel the plum to the metal bowl .
the person sliced the plum on the cutting board .
the person did the same with the other plum .
the person ate the small piece stuck on the seed .
the person moved the seeds to the metal bowl .
the person took two plums from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a bowl , cutting board , peeler , and knife .
the person took the stickers off of the plums , .
the person rinsed the plums in the sink , .
the person placed the plums into the bowl .
the person peeled one of the plums over the bowl .
the person sliced the plums on the cutting board .
the person peeled the other plum , .
the person sliced the other plum , .
the person left the scraps in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out two plums .
the person placed two plums on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and bowl .
the person took out a knife .
the person washed the plums in the sink .
the person peeled the plums into the metal bowl .
the person cut the plums into pieces .
the person left the pieces of plum on the cutting board .
the person removed the seeds .
the person took two plums out of the refrigerator .
the person put the plums on the counter .
the person got a bowl and cutting board out of the cabinet .
the person got two knives out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the plums .
the person peeled a plum .
the person sliced a plum .
the person put the skin and pit in the bowl .
the person peeled the second plum .
the person sliced the second plum .
the person put the skin and pit of that plum in the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected two plums from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a small bowl , a cutting board and two knives from the kitchen drawers .
the person rinsed the plums in the sink .
the person peeled the first plum with a small knife going in circles around the plum to create one long continuous peel .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut the good plum from the pit .
the person repeated the cutting and peeling steps with the second plum .
the person put the peels and pits into his scrap bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed plums from the refrigerator .
the person closed the refrigerator , .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a bowl and cutting board .
the person closed the drawer .
the person reopened the drawer .
the person removed two knives as well .
the person peeled the stickers off the plums .
the person turned on the sink , .
the person rinsed the plums off in the sink .
the person turned off the sink .
the person peeled the plum over the bowl .
the person peeled the plum .
the person sliced the plum on the cutting board .
the person peeled the other plum .
the person sliced the other plum .
the person pushed the cutting board out in front of his a little .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two plums from the refrigerator .
the person placed the plums on the counter .
the person took a bowl from a drawer .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person took two knives from the drawer .
the person pulled a stem from a plum .
the person put a stem in the waste bin .
the person rinsed both plums in the sink .
the person peeled one of both plums .
the person let the peeling fall into the bowl .
the person sliced the plum into slices on the cutting board .
the person peeled the second plum .
the person sliced the second plum into slices on the cutting board .
the person removed a piece of plum .
the person put a piece of plum in his mouth .
the person pushed the cutting board with plums forward .
the person approached the refrigerator in the kitchen .
the person grabbed a pineapple .
the person placed the pineapple on the counter .
the person placed alongside the pineapple a knife , a cutting board , and a plastic container .
the person peeled the pineapple with the knife , on the cutting board .
the person threw the peel in the trash .
the person used the knife to slice the pineapple .
the person cut up the slices into chunks .
the person put the chunks in the container .
the person rinsed the chunks in the container .
the person added something in a small bottle to the pineapple chunks .
the person cut off a small part from one of the chunks .
the person got a pineapple from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board , a knife , and a plastic bowl from a drawer .
the person cut the top off of the pineapple .
the person stood the pineapple on it was bottom .
the person cut the skin from the sides .
the person put the pineapple skin in a trash can .
the person sliced the pineapples into circles .
the person diced the pineapple into small chunks .
the person put the small pineapple chunks in the plastic bowl .
the person put water in the bowl .
the person added salt to the bowl .
the person took a pineapple out of the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife , a cutting board , and a plastic bowl from the drawer .
the person cut the top , sides , and bottom off of the pineapple .
the person threw the scraps into the garbage bin .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person cut the slices into pieces .
the person put the pineapple pieces into the bowl .
the person added water to the bowl of pineapple pieces .
the person shook some salt into the bowl .
the person swirled the pineapple pieces in the bowl .
the person removed a pineapple from the fridge .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person placed a container on the counter .
the person sliced the skin off of the pineapple .
the person threw the skin away .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person filled the container with water .
the person added a spice to the pineapples .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife and plastic container from the drawer .
the person cut the stem from the pineapple .
the person trimmed the rind away .
the person collected the rind trimmings .
the person threw the rind trimmings in the waste bin .
the person sliced the pineapple into round slices .
the person placed the round slices on the cutting board .
the person cut some of the pineapple into cubes .
the person sliced the rounds into cubes .
the person placed the pineapple cubes in the container .
the person placed the pineapple cubes in the container .
the person put some water into the container with a little salt .
the person took a pineapple out of the fridge .
from the drawer the person took out a cutting board , knife , and tupperware .
the person rummaged around in the drawers for a few more moments .
the person cut off the crown of the pineapple , .
the person sliced off the peel of the pineapple .
the person threw away the rind .
before slicing the pineapple into rounds .
the person chopped the pineapple .
the person placed the chunks in the tupperware .
the person kept losing pieces of pineapple to the floor .
the person threw the pieces of pineapple away .
the pineapple was chopped , the person added water to the tupperware , .
the person seasoned the pineapple , .
mixed with his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a pineapple out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person grabbed a plastic container out the drawer .
the person sliced the top and sides of the pineapple .
the person tossed the leftover pineapple into the garbage .
the person sliced the pineapple into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces of pineapple into the container .
the person dropped a piece of pineapple .
the person tossed a piece of pineapple into the garbage .
the person placed the rest of the sliced pineapple into the container .
the person poured water into the container using sink water .
the person poured extra ingredients into the container .
the person went in the fridge .
the person got out a pineapple .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person got out a plastic bowl from the drawer .
the person cut the top off the pineapple .
the person cut the sides off the pineapple .
the person removed the bottom of the pineapple .
the person cleaned up the pineapples edges .
the person threw the pineapple skins away .
the person cut the pineapple into rings .
the person cut the pineapple into chunks .
the person put the pineapple chunks into the plastic bowl .
the person dropped a piece of pineapple on the floor .
the person threw a piece of pineapple in the trash .
the person salted the pineapple .
the person stired the pineapple in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a knife , cutting board and bowl .
the person cut the top off the pineapple .
the person sliced the rind off the sides .
the person cut any dark spots off the pineapple .
the person threw away the rind .
the person cut the pineapple into large slices and into small chunks .
the person put the chunks into the bowl .
the person dropped a piece on the floor .
the person threw a piece away .
the person added water and seasoning to the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a pineapple from the fridge .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and large plastic container .
the person cut off the stem of the pineapple , the husk .
the person followed that , he sliced the meat of the pineapple .
the person cubed the meat of the pineapple .
the person transferred the cubed pineapple to the container , using the flat of the knife .
the person added some water and salt to the container .
mixed the pineapple pieces up .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a pineapple , cutting board , knife , and container .
the person cut the top off of the pineapple , .
the person cut the sides to remove the skin .
the person removed all of the skin , .
the person cut the skin off the bottom .
the person threw the pieces out .
the person sliced the pineapple horizontally , .
the person cubed the slices to make small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the container , .
the person added a small amount of sugar .
mixed the pieces around with his hands .
the person prepared the needed materials , including a knife , a cutting board , a pineapple and a medium sized plastic tupperware container .
the person cut off the top , the bottom of the pineapple .
the person cut off all of the rough outer skin of the pineapple , leaving just the meat of the fruit .
the person gathered all scraps .
the person threw all scraps in the garbage .
the person cut the fruit .
first the person cut the pineapple into large circular slices , .
the person cut the fruit , .
the person finished cutting pieces of the pineapple , .
the person cut those slices into smaller cube shaped pieces .
the person placed the pineapple pieces in the plastic tupperware container on the counter .
the person placed all of the pineapple in the tupperware container , .
the person checked for any small pieces of rough outer skin , .
the person removed pieces as necessary .
the person sprinkled on what appeared to be sugar , .
mixed the pineapple pieces gently .
the person removed a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and plastic container from the drawer .
the person cut the top of the pineapple off .
the person cut the skin off all four sides .
the person cut the skin off the bottom .
the person threw the skin in the garbage .
the person cut the pineapple into several slices .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the plastic container .
the person rinsed the pieces in the sink .
the person added a spice to the container .
the person mixed the container with his hand .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cutting board , a knife and a bowl from a drawer .
the person cut off the top of the pineapple .
the person sliced off the skin .
the person cut off the bottom part of the pineapple .
the person sliced off any remaining pineapple skin .
the person threw in the trash the skin , top and bottom parts of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into circles .
the person cut the halves of the pineapple into small pieces .
the person put the small pineapple pieces in the bowl .
the person put water in the bowl .
the person sprinkled a condiment on the pineapple pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked towards refrigerator .
the person took one pineapple .
the person stepped up to kitchen drawer .
from the kitchen drawer the person picked cutter board , knife and plastic bowl .
the person remove the leaf first .
the person removed the skin of pineapple .
the person made the pineapple into round big slices , .
the person chopped the big slice into small pieces .
the person moved the pineapple from cutter board to plastic bowl .
the person added water in the plastic bowl , .
the person took salt from stand .
the person added salt for taste .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a pineapple .
the person placed the pineapple onto the counter .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person took out some tupperware .
the person cut off the outer layer of the pineapple .
the person disposed of the pineapple husk .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person cut each slice into small cubes .
the person put all the pineapple cubed into the tupperware .
the person added water and salt to the pineapple .
a young person entered the left side of the kitchen .
the person went to the fridge , .
the person opened the fridge up .
the person proceeded to look for something .
the person pulled his hands out the refrigerator he had a pineapple in his hands .
the person closed the fridge .
the person brought the pineapple to the counter space , .
the person sat the pineapple down .
the person opened the drawer directly in front of him , .
the person pulled out three items .
the person grabbed a cutting board , a knife , and a plastic tupperware bowl .
the young person began by cutting off the top of the pineapple first .
the young person cut the sides off the pineapple .
the person finished slicing the sides of the pineapple off .
the person throw the sides of the pineapple all away in the trash .
the person began slicing the pineapple down into slices , and into cubes .
the person put the cubes in the bowl , .
the person washed the cubes off in the sink .
the person walked to the fridge .
the person got a pineapple .
the person put the pineapple on the counter with a cutting board and a knife .
the person put a plastic container on the counter .
the person cut the top of the pineapple off .
the person cut off the outer skin of the fruit with the knife .
the person cut the bottom off the pineapple .
the person cleaned off the skin that he missed .
the person collected the waste from the fruit .
the person threw the waste from the fruit away .
the person sliced the pineapple into even rings .
the person finished cutting all of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into smaller pieces .
the person put the small pieces into the plastic container .
the person dropped a piece .
the person put a piece in the trash .
the person put some water into the container .
the person put something from a small jar onto the fruit .
mixed the fruit around .
the person pulled a pineapple out of a fridge in the kitchen he walked into .
the person set a pineapple on the counter , .
the person pulled out a knife and cutting board .
the person proceeded to search through plastic containers .
the person chose one plastic container .
the person cut the top and rind off of the pineapple .
the person carefully cut off the entire skin , and the bottom of the pineapple , .
the person shaved the left over brown spots off .
the person threw away all of the outside of the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple into discs .
the person cut the discs into small squares .
the person put the small pineapple squares into the container .
the person filled the container of pineapple with water , .
the person shook a little bit of spice on the container of pineapple , .
mixed the container of pineapple around with his hand .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person got a plastic bowl from the drawer .
the person cut the top from the pineapple .
the person cut the skin from the pineapple .
the person threw the skin and top away .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person cut the slices into chunks .
the person put the pineapple chunks into the bowl .
the person added spice to the pineapple .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a pot .
the person put the pot in the stove .
from the refrigerator the person got a jar of hotdogs .
the person opened the jar .
the person used a fork to extract two hotdogs .
the person put the hotdogs in the pot .
the person put the rest away .
the person got out condiments and a plate , buns .
the person put two buns on a plate .
the person cut two buns open .
the person waited a .
the person cleaned up a little .
the person took the hotdogs from the pot .
the person put each hotdog in a bun .
the person put condiments on the hotdogs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pot from beneath the stove .
the person put some water in a pot .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person brought a jar of hot dogs from the refrigerator .
the person placed two hot dogs in the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person put the jar back in the refrigerator .
the person took out ketchup and mustard .
the person placed the ketchup and mustard on the counter .
the person took a plate and two buns from the cabinet .
the person sliced the buns .
the person removed the hot dogs with a fork .
the person put the hot dogs inside the buns on a plate .
the person dressed one hot dog with mustard and one with ketchup .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person put water in a pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the heat .
the person got a jar of hot dogs from the fridge .
the person put two hot dogs in the pot .
the person got some condiments .
the person put some condiments on the counter .
the person also put a plate on the counter .
the person got some buns .
the person put some buns on the plate .
the person sliced the buns to make an opening for the hot dogs .
the hot dogs were cooked , the person put the hot dogs in the buns .
the person put condiments on the hot dogs .
the person gathered a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed a cover on the pot .
the person retrieved a container of hot dogs from the refrigerator .
the person placed two hot dogs into the pot .
the person retrieved mustard , ketchup , a plate , and hot dog buns .
the person sliced the hot dog buns with a knife .
the person waited for the hot dogs to cook .
the person stirred the hot dogs .
the person placed a hot dog in each bun .
the person added mustard to one hot dog and ketchup to the other .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person got pot with a lid from a drawer .
the person put water in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person took a package of hot-dogs from the refrigerator .
the person removed two hot-dogs with a fork .
the person put two hot-dogs in the pot .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person put the hot-dogs back in the refrigerator .
the person got out mustard and ketchup .
the person got a plate and buns from the cabinet .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person took two buns from the package .
the person put the buns on the plate .
the person put the package back up .
the person used a knife to open the buns .
the person put the hot-dogs on the buns with a fork .
the person added mustard and ketchup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a pot out of a drawer .
the person poured water into the pot , .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took a lid from the drawer .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person took a jar of hot dogs out of the fridge .
the person placed a jar of hot dogs on the counter .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person took out a fork .
the person placed a fork on the counter .
the person opened the jar of hot-dogs .
the person took the lid off of the pot .
the person stuck the hot-dogs with the fork .
the person placed the hot-dogs into the pot .
the person placed the lid back on the pot .
the person placed the jar of hot-dogs back into the fridge .
the person took some ketchup and mustard from the fridge .
the person placed some ketchup and mustard on the counter .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took out a bag of hot-dog buns .
the person opened the bag of hot-dog buns .
the person placed two of the hot-dog buns on the plate .
the person placed the bag of hot-dog buns back into the cupboard .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut slits in the hot-dog buns , .
the person placed the hot-dogs in the buns .
the person dressed the hot-dogs in the buns with mustard and ketchup .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person put some water in the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person removed hot dogs from the refrigerator .
the person put two hot dogs in the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person removed ketchup and mustard from the refrigerator .
the person took out a plate and hot dog buns from the cabinet .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person cut open the buns .
the person removed the hot dogs from the pot .
the person put the hot dogs in the buns .
the person added mustard to one bun and ketchup to the other bun .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person got some hot-dogs from the refrigerator .
the person put two hot-dogs in the pot .
the person removed some mustard and ketchup from the fridge .
the person got a plate and buns from the cabinet .
the person got two buns .
the person sliced two buns open .
the person waited for the hot-dogs to cook .
the person placed the hot-dogs on the bun .
the person add mustard and ketchup to the mustard .
the person grabbed a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person opened a jar of hot-dogs .
the person placed the hot-dogs in some boiling water .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person placed two hot-dog buns on a plate .
the person used a knife to pry open the buns .
the person placed the hot-dog in the buns .
the person squeezed some mustard on the hot-dogs .
the person squeezed some ketchup on the hot-dogs .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person removed a jar of hot-dogs from the refrigerator .
the person removed a fork from the drawer .
the person opened the jar .
the person placed the hot-dogs in the pot .
the person gathered ketchup and cheese from the refrigerator .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person retrieved rolls from the cabinet .
the person placed the hot-dogs in the buns .
the person squeezed mustard and ketchup onto the hot-dogs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove , .
the person turned the stove on .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed some hot dogs .
the person placed the hot dogs in the water .
the person removed condiments and plates .
the person placed the condiments and plates on the counter .
the person removed a bun .
the person placed a bun on the plate .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person sliced the hot dog buns .
the person cooked the hot dogs .
the person placed the hot dogs in the buns .
the person placed the condiments on the buns .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a pot out of the drawer .
the person placed water into the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person grabbed hot-dog out of the fridge .
the person placed the hot-dogs into the pot .
the person grabbed ketchup out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a plate and hot-dog buns out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the bread using a knife .
the person placed the hot-dogs into the hot-dog buns .
the person squirted ketchup on the hot-dogs .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a metal pot .
the person put a small amount of water into the pot .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put went to a cupboard .
the person got two hotdogs out of a cupboard .
the person put the hotdogs in the pot with water , .
the person put a lid on the metal pot .
the person went to the cupboard two times .
the person pulled out condiments and two hotdog buns .
the person cut the hotdog buns with a knife .
the person waited .
the person removed the lid from the pot , .
the person put the hotdogs on the buns .
the person put the condiments on each hotdog .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a large pot from the cabinet .
the person filled a large pot halfway with water .
the person put the pot of water on the stove top .
the person turned on the burner .
the person covered the pot with a lid .
the person took hot dogs from the refrigerator .
the person put two hot dogs into the pot of water .
the person covered the pot with the lid .
the person took mustard and ketchup from the refrigerator .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person got hot dog buns from the pantry .
the person put two hot dog buns on the plate .
the person cut open the hot dog buns .
the person waited the hot dogs boiled for about three minutes .
the person put the hot dogs onto the buns .
the person topped the hot dogs with mustard and ketchup .
the person took a pot out of the cupboard .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pan on the stove .
the person went to the the refrigerator , .
the person took out a jar of hot-dogs , .
the person put two of the hot-dogs in the pot .
the person returned the hot-dogs to the refrigerator .
the person took out ketchup and mustard .
the person got out a plate .
the person got out some hot-dog buns .
the person cut some hot-dog buns open with a knife .
the person waited the hot-dogs cooked .
and occasionally turned the hot-dogs .
the hot-dogs were finished , the person put the lid in the sink .
the person put the hot-dogs in the buns .
the person dressed the hot-dogs with ketchup and mustard .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot out of the cabinet .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person covered a pot .
the person took a jar of hot-dogs out of the refrigerator .
the person put two hot-dogs into the pot of water .
the person took mustard and ketchup out of the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a package of rolls out of the cabinet .
the person took out two rolls .
the person cut the rolls .
the person put the rolls on the plate .
the person put the cooked hot-dogs on the rolls .
the person put mustard on one hot-dog and ketchup on the other .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pot from under the stove .
the person put some water in a pot .
the person got some hot dogs from the fridge .
the person used a fork to add two hot dogs to the pot .
the person got ketchup and mustard from the fridge .
the person got a plate and some buns from the pantry .
the person used a knife to cut the buns open .
the person waited for the hot dogs to finish cooking .
the person checked on the hot dogs occasionally .
the person put each cooked hot dog in a bun .
the person added mustard to one hot dog and ketchup to the other hot dog .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took a pot from the cabinet .
the person put water in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put a lid on the pot .
the person took hot dogs out of the refrigerator .
the person put hot dogs into the water .
the person took out ketchup and mustard .
the person took out a plate .
the person took buns out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person opened the hot dog buns .
the person took a pot , .
the person put some water in a pot , .
the person placed a pot on a burner .
the person turned the burner on .
the person covered the pot with a lid .
the person took a jar from the refrigerator , .
the person got out a fork .
the person opened the jar , .
the person took the lid off of the pot .
the person took two hot-dogs out of the jar with the fork , .
the person placed two hot-dogs in the pot .
the person replaced the jar of hot-dogs in the refrigerator .
the person got out containers of ketchup and mustard , and a plate .
the person got out a package of hot-dog buns , .
the person took out two buns , .
the person laid two buns on the plate .
the person put the package of buns away , .
the person got out a knife .
the person slice the buns on the plate along one side with the knife so that the buns opened .
the person waited for a few minutes the water in the pot boiled .
the person checked the hot-dogs once , .
the person wiped the counter with a cloth .
the person kept waiting .
the person uncovered the pot , .
the person took the hot-dogs out with the fork , .
the person put the hot-dogs in the buns .
the person put mustard on one hot-dog , and ketchup on the other hot-dog , .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a pot out of the bottom cabinet .
the person filled a pot about a quarter full with water .
the person covered a pot with a lid .
the person took the hot dogs out of the refrigerator .
the person put the hot dogs into the pot of water .
the person covered the pot with the lid .
the person put the hot dogs back in the refrigerator .
the person took the mustard and ketchup out of the refrigerator .
the person put the mustard and ketchup on the counter .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person put two hot dog buns on the plate .
the person cut both hot dog buns slightly open with a knife .
the person took the lid off the pot .
the person poked one hot dog with a fork to see if the hot dogs were done .
the person put the lid back on the pot .
the person took the lid off the pot .
the person put the lid in the sink .
the person took the hot dogs out of the pot with a fork .
the person put each hot dog in the bun .
the person put mustard on one hot dog and ketchup on the other one .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took an onion from the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed the dry onion skin .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the ends from the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person removed the outer skin of each onion half .
the person rinsed the onion halves .
the person thinly sliced the onion halves .
a gentleman took an onion from the pantry .
the person took a cutting board from a kitchen drawer .
the person peeled the dry skin off , leaving at least one layer .
the person retrieved a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the onion ended off .
the person sliced the onion in half from top to bottom .
the person removed the remainder of dry skin .
the person washed the two halves .
the person cut across the halves , he sliced both into thin slices .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected an onion from the cabinet .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person peeled off the loose layers or the onion over a garbage can .
the person used a knife and the cutting board to slice the ends off the onion .
the person cut the onion in half from top to bottom .
the person peeled the dry outer layer from each onion half .
the person put in garbage can .
the person rinsed both halves under water .
the person carefully sliced each half into thin slices .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out an onion .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person peeled the onion above the trash can .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut off the onion 's ends .
the person chopped the onion in half .
the person peeled the remaining skins off of the onion halves .
the person washed the onion .
the person placed the onion back on the cutting board .
the person chopped the onion halves into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person pulled an onion from a cupboard .
the person discarded the skin .
the person cut off the onion 's ends .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person discarded the ends in a nearby trash receptacle .
the person washed the onion .
the person thinly sliced the onion on a cutting board .
the person first entered the kitchen .
the person took out an apple from the pantry .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person brought the apple to the trash can .
the person threw away the stem .
the person pulled a long knife out of a drawer .
the person cut the apple in half .
the person removed the seeds .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person washed both halves of the apple .
the person placed the apple back on the cutting board .
the person continued chopping the apple until he had cut the entire fruit into thin slices on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the pantry .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took the skin off the onion over the trash .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person peeled an extra layer of skin off the onion .
the person threw an extra layer of skin away .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person placed the onion back on the cutting board .
the person sliced the onion carefully .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out an onion .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person peeled the onion over the garbage .
the person got out a knife .
the person put the onion on the cutting board .
the person began slicing the onion .
the person finished peeling the onion slicing the ends .
the person washed off the onion pieces .
the person finished slicing the onion .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person went to a cupboard .
the person got an onion from a bottom shelf .
the person opened a drawer under the work counter .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person turned back to the trash .
the person removed the outer layer on both halves .
the person took an onion from the cupboard .
the person put a cutting board on the table .
the person peeled the onion over the garbage .
the person cut the ends off of the onion .
the person got rid of the excess peel that was left .
the person washed the peeled onion .
the person chopped the onion into fine pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled an onion out the cabinet .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person peeled the onion with his hands .
the person tossed the onion skins into the garbage .
the person sliced the onion in half on the cutting board .
the person sliced the onion on the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got an onion from a cupboard .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
before opening a drawer containing a trash can .
the person peeled the loose skin from the onion .
the person deposited the loose skin from the onion in the trash .
the person took a large chopping knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off the onion .
the person cut the onion in half from end-to-end .
the person placed the cut off ends and the remaining peel in the trash .
the person washed the onion .
the person sliced each half of the onion into thin pieces , slicing across the width .
the person got an onion from the cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the ends from the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person removed the peel from the onion .
the person sliced both halves of the onions .
the person got an onion from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off of the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person peeled the onions over a trash can .
the person rinsed the onion in a sink .
the person chopped the onion with the knife .
the person opened a pantry .
the person grabbed an onion .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person peeled the onion over the garbage can .
the person sliced the onion on the cutting board .
the person peeled the skin of the onion .
the person placed the skin of the onion in the trash .
the person washed the onion halved off .
the person diced the remaining onion into small pieces .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person peeled the onion over the garbage .
the person took out a large knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person peeled both halves of the onion .
the person washed the onion halves in the sink .
the person sliced the onion into many pieces .
the person took an onion out of the pantry .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person peeled the onion skin into the trash can .
the person took a knife out .
the person cut the ends off of the onion .
the person sliced the onion down the middle .
the person sliced the onion into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out an onion ` .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person sliced the onion on the cutting board .
the person placed the peel in to the trash can .
the person rinsed off each half of the peeled onion .
the person turned off the sink .
the person sliced the onion further .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person got an onion from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the top off of the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person threw the top off of the onion in the garbage .
the person peeled each half , .
the person put the peel in the garbage .
the person washed each half .
the person put each half on the cutting board .
the person chopped the onion .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a coffee maker from under the sink .
the person placed the coffee maker on the counter .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person retrieved tea and filters from the cabinets .
the person put a filter and coffee into the maker .
the person returned the tea .
the person returned with a coffee can .
the person took a cup from the cabinet .
the person filled a cup with water .
the person poured the water into the coffee maker twice .
the person put the coffee can and box of filters back into the cabinet .
the person took out some cream and sugar .
the person placed some cream and sugar on the counter .
the person chatted with someone in front of him as the coffee brewed .
the person poured the coffee into the cup , .
the person added sugar and cream .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person poured the remainder of the coffee in the pot down the sink .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went over to the cabinet .
the person pulled out a coffee maker .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person grabbed two small boxes .
the person put two small boxes on the counter .
the person grabbed a coffee filter out of one of the boxes .
the person put a coffee filter on the coffee pot .
the the person looked into the other box .
so the person put the other box back in the cabinet .
the person got the coffee .
the person took the coffee to the counter .
the person put coffee in the filter .
the person was done he closed the coffee .
the person walked back over to the cabinets .
the person looked for a cup .
the person put some water in the cup .
the person filled up the cup .
the person poured some water into the coffee pot twice .
the person put the coffee and filters back into the cabinet that he took the coffee and filters from .
the person grabbed sugar some milk .
the person put the sugar some milk on the counter .
the person grabbed a spoon from the drawer .
the person waited .
the coffee was finished the person turned off the power .
the person poured some coffee into the cup .
the person got another spoon from the drawer .
put sugar into the cup .
the person added milk .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person got a coffee maker .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person got some coffee and some coffee filters .
the person placed a filter in the coffee maker .
the person put some coffee in the coffee filter .
the person got a cup .
the person filled the coffee maker with water .
the person brewed some coffee .
the person put the filters and coffee back in the cabinet .
the person gathered some sugar and milk .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person poured the coffee in a cup .
the person added milk and sugar to the coffee .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person plugged the coffee maker into the counter .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out coffee and filters .
the person put coffee and a filter into the machine .
the person took out a cup .
the person filled the machine with water .
the person took out milk and sugar .
the person poured coffee into the cup .
the person put milk and sugar into the cup .
the person poured out the extra coffee .
the person grabbed a coffee maker .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person grabbed some other pantry items .
the person placed some other pantry items on the counter .
the person opened the coffee maker .
the person found a cup .
the person poured water into the coffee maker using the cup .
the person got a coffee maker going .
the person waited for the coffee to finish brewing .
the poured the coffee into the cup .
the spooned some sugar into the coffee .
the person added cream to the coffee .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person dumped the remaining coffee into the sink .
the person closed the outlet back up .
the person placed a drip-style coffee maker on a hard , flat surface .
the person plugged a drip-style coffee maker in to an electrical outlet .
the person pulled out a box of coffee filters .
the person selected a brand of coffee he wanted to make .
the person opened the coffee grounds compartment on the top of the machine he inserted a cone style filter made of natural un-bleached paper .
the person took a moment to make sure the paper filter was well seated in the compartment to ensure the coffee grounds would not spill over .
the person opened an air tight canister of coffee grounds he measured out one scoop .
with the coffee grounds in the machine the person took a moment to close and ensure the compartment was locked .
the person resealed the canister .
the person took a coffee cup .
the person measured out two servings of water from the tap .
the person poured the water into the reservoir at the back of the machine .
the person closed the lid to the reservoir .
the person turned on the machine .
the person waited for the coffee to brew he put away the remaining filters and canister of coffee grounds .
the person pulled out sugar , milk and a spoon .
the brew cycle had finished the person poured a cup .
the person added milk and sugar to taste .
the person pour the unused coffee down the sink .
the person unplugged the machine .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a coffee maker out of the cupboard .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person took the coffee and filtered out of the cupboard .
the person put a scoop of coffee into the pot .
the person got a cup out of the cupboard .
the person filled a cup twice with water .
the person filled the reservoir of the coffee pot with the water .
the person turned on the coffee pot .
the person put the coffee and filters back into the cupboard .
the person took a bag of sugar out of the cupboard .
the person took milk out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a spoon .
the person poured a cup of coffee the coffee was done .
the person put some sugar in the coffee .
the person put milk into the coffee .
the person threw out the rest of the coffee .
the person got a coffee maker from a drawer .
the person got coffee and filters from a cabinet .
the person put the filter in the coffee maker .
the person put coffee in the filter .
the person got a cup from a cabinet .
the person filled a cup with water .
the person put the water in the coffee maker .
the person got sugar and creamer from a cabinet .
the person poured the coffee into a cup .
the person put sugar and creamer in the cup of coffee .
the person poured the rest of the coffee out .
the person removed a coffee machine from the drawer .
the person removed a package of coffee and coffee filters from the cabinet .
the person placed a coffee filter in the machine .
the person put coffee grounds into the machine .
the person removed a cup from the cabinet .
the person poured two cups of water into the machine .
the person turned on the machine .
the person placed the coffee and coffee filters back in the cabinet .
the person removed sugar from the cabinet .
the person took milk out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a spoon from the drawer .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person added sugar and milk to the cup .
the person poured out the excess coffee in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker from under the counter .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person got some coffee and filters from the pantry .
the person put a filter in the coffee maker .
the person added some coffee on top of a filter .
the person got a cup from the pantry , .
the person filled a cup with water .
the person put the water in the coffee maker .
the person put away the left over coffee and filters .
the person got some sugar and milk out .
the person put a spoon in the cup .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person turned off the coffee maker .
the person poured some coffee into the cup .
the person added some sugar and milk to the coffee .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person poured the leftover coffee into the sink .
the person unplugged the coffee machine .
the person retrieved a coffee maker from a cupboard .
the person took coffee filters and a box from the cupboard .
the person placed a filter into the machine .
the person returned the box to the cupboard .
the person retrieved a container of coffee grounds from the cupboard .
the person put a scoop of coffee grounds into the coffee maker .
the person took a cup from the cupboard .
the person placed a cup of water into the coffee maker .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person returned the coffee and filters to the cupboard .
the person retrieved sugar , cream , and a spoon .
the person spoke with someone off-camera waiting for the coffee .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person added some sugar and cream to the coffee .
the person poured out the coffee that remained in the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out the coffee maker .
the person plugged the coffee maker into the outlet .
the person took out coffee filters and coffee ground .
the person put coffee ground into the coffee maker .
the person took our milk or creamer .
the person waited a long time for the coffee to finish .
the person talked to someone off camera , .
the coffee was finished and the person poured the coffee in the cup .
the person put a spoonful of sugar into the coffee .
also added some creamer or milk .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a coffee maker out .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person pulled out the recessed electrical outlets .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person removed a package of coffee filters and another box .
the person placed a filter in the coffee maker .
the person opened the second box .
the person discovered the second box was not what he was expecting .
the person returned the second box to the cabinet .
the person removed a can of ground coffee .
the person put a single scoop of coffee in the coffee maker filter .
the person went to a second cabinet .
the person retrieved a coffee cup .
the person used a coffee cup to measure out two cups of water .
the person added two cups of water to the coffee maker .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person waited for a single scoop of coffee to brew , he removed sugar from the cabinet and milk from the refrigerator .
the person removed a spoon from the drawer .
the person spoke to someone off-camera he waited for the coffee to finish brewing .
the coffee was ready , the person poured some into the cup , .
the person added a half spoonful of sugar , a small amount of milk , .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person poured the rest of the coffee in the pot down the drain .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person took out an electric coffeemaker , .
the person plugged an electric coffeemaker in to an electrical outlet .
the person got out a can of coffee grounds , a box of paper coffee filters , and a small mug .
the person placed a paper filter in the basket of the coffeemaker , .
the person put some coffee grounds in a paper filter .
the person used the small mug to place some water in the reservoir of the coffeemaker .
the person put the mug back on the counter-top , .
the person closed the lids on the coffeemaker .
the person started the coffeemaker .
the person put the can of coffee and the box of filters away .
the person got out a bag of sugar , a carton of creamer , and a teaspoon , .
the person put a bag of sugar , a carton of creamer , and a teaspoon on the counter-top .
the person waited the coffee brewed .
the coffee was finished the person turned off the machine , .
the person took out the pot , .
the person filled the mug with coffee .
the person put the pot back in the machine .
the person placed the teaspoon in the mug of coffee .
the person got out another spoon .
the person used another spoon to add sugar to the coffee .
the person added creamer , .
the person stirred the coffee with the spoon in the mug .
the person poured the remaining coffee in the pot into the sink , .
the person replaced the pot , .
the person unplugged the machine .
the person pulled out a coffee maker from the cabinet .
the person plugged the coffee maker into an outlet on the counter .
the person walked over to a cabinet to get the coffee making ingredients .
the person placed a coffee filter inside of the coffee maker .
the person walked back over to the cabinet to get the coffee grounds .
the person placed the coffee grounds inside the coffee maker .
the person grabbed a cup from the cabinet .
the person filled the cup with water .
the person filled the coffee maker with water .
the person placed milk and sugar on the counter .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person poured the hot coffee into the cup .
the person poured sugar and milk into the cup .
the person poured the coffee out of the coffee pot into the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a coffee machine out of the drawer .
the person connected the coffee machine into the electric outlet .
the person grabbed coffee out of the cabinet .
the person poured the coffee into the coffee machine .
the person poured a cup of water into the coffee machine .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person placed sugar and creamer into the cup .
the person stirred the coffee using a spoon .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person placed the coffee maker on the counter .
the person plugged the coffee maker into the outlet .
the person grabbed filters and coffee grounds from the cabinet .
the person placed a filter in the coffee maker .
the person scooped coffee grounds into the filter .
the person grabbed a mug from the cabinet .
the person filled a mug with water .
the person poured the water into the coffee maker .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person placed a spoon , sugar and milk on the counter .
the person poured the coffee into the mug .
the person scooped sugar into the mug .
the person poured milk into the mug .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person emptied the coffee pot into the sink .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
someone entered .
the person pulled out a coffee maker .
the person went in a cabinet .
the person brought coffee .
the person brought a cup .
the person poured water .
the person closed the lid .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person put away the jar and box .
the person closed the cupboard .
the person got sugar and milk from the cupboard .
the person placed the jar and box on the counter .
the person started talking to someone unseen behind the counter for a .
the person took an electric coffee maker out of a cabinet .
the person plugged an electric coffee maker into an counter-top outlet .
the person took coffee and coffee filters out of the pantry .
the person placed the filter in the coffee maker .
the person realized he grabbed the wrong thing out of the pantry .
so the person put the wrong thing back .
the person grabbed the coffee .
the person scooped some coffee grounds into the filter .
the person poured some water from the sink into the coffee maker with a coffee cup .
the person started the coffee maker .
the person put the coffee back in the pantry .
the person took some sugar out of the pantry and creamer out of the refrigerator .
the person waited for the coffee to finish brewing .
the person poured coffee in the coffee cup .
the person added sugar and creamer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a coffeemaker from a cabinet beneath the counter .
the person plugged the coffeemaker into an outlet that protruded from the countertop .
the person walked across the kitchen to a cupboard .
the person removed coffee beans and filters .
the person returned the coffee to the cupboard , .
instead opting for a different container of beans .
the person scooped beans from the container into the filter , .
closed the filter lid .
the person opened the lid for the water receptacle .
the person retrieved a cup from another cupboard .
the person filled a cup with water from the sink .
the person poured the water into the water receptacle .
the person filled the cup a second time , .
the person poured the water in .
the person closed the water receptacle lid .
the person started the coffeemaker .
the person returned the coffee and filters to the cupboard .
the person grabbed sugar from the cupboard and milk from the refrigerator .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person spoke with someone off-camera .
the coffee was ready , the person poured himself a cupful into the same cup he had used to fill the coffeemaker .
the person added sugar and milk to the coffee .
the person stirred the counter to mix , .
again gestured to someone off camera .
the person poured the rest of the coffee from the pot into the sink .
the person unplugged the coffeemaker .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person rinsed the orange in the sink .
the person got a manual juicer out of the cabinet .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person used the knife to cut the middle of one of the halves .
the person juiced the half using the juicer .
the person used the knife to cut the center of the other orange half .
the person juiced this half of the orange as well .
the person threw away the orange halves .
the person took the top off the juicer .
the person got a glass from the cupboard .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person scooped the pulp from the top of the juicer .
the person added the pulp to the glass .
the person mixed the contents of the glass with a fork .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out an orange .
the person rinsed the orange in the sink .
the person took out a juicer and a towel .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife .
the person proceeded to cut the orange in half .
the person twisted one half of orange on the juicer .
the orange was thoroughly juiced , the person segmented the remaining half of the orange .
the person twisted that half of the orange on the juicer .
the person threw away the orange .
the person retrieved a glass .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person took out a spoon .
the person scooped some of the pulp into the glass .
the person mashed the rest of the pulp .
the person added the rest of the pulp to the glass .
the person put everything in the sink .
the person took out a new spoon , .
the person stirred the juice , .
the person put the spoon in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person rinsed the orange at the sink .
the person got a juicer , knife , and cutting board from under the counter .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person cut into the orange segments to separate them .
the person used the juicer to juice the orange halves .
the person threw away the rinds of the orange halves .
the person got a glass from the pantry .
the person poured the juice from the juicer into the glass .
the person spooned the pulp in a glass as well .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person stirred the juice .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took an orange out of fridge .
the person washed the orange .
the person took out a juicer , a knife and a chopping board from the cabinet .
the person cut the orange into half .
the person tried to squeeze the juice out with juicer .
the person made more cut on the inside of the half orange .
the person applied the orange to the juicer .
the person made cut on another half of orange .
the person applied another half of orange to the juicer .
the person applied the first half of orange on the juicer again .
the person threw the residue of orange .
the person separated the first and second layer of the juicer .
the person took out a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person used a spoon to gather pulp .
the person put the pulp into the glass .
the person put the knife , spoon and chopping board into the sink .
the person took out a folk .
the person stirred the juice .
the person leaked the folk .
the person put the fork into sink .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person took the orange the sink to wash .
the person got a hand juicer , cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person attempted to manually juice the half .
the person stopped .
the person scored the half of orange .
the person proceeded with the juicing process .
the person scored the other orange half .
the person juiced the other orange half .
the person threw away the juiced orange halves .
the person poured the strained orange juice into a glass .
the person added the pulp .
the person placed the cutting board , juicer , knife and fork in the sink .
the person selected a fork .
the person stirred the contents of the glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person crossed over to the refrigerator .
the person opened the fridge door , .
the person retrieved an orange from the crisper drawer , .
the person closed the fridge door .
the person carried the orange over to the kitchen sink , .
in the sink the person rinsed the orange off .
once the person was done rinsing the orange off , .
the person placed the orange on the counter .
the person dried his hands off on a white cloth .
the person opened a cabinet drawer .
the person pulled out a juicer .
the person placed these items on the counter , .
the person appeared to have forgotten something , he opened up an upper drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person closed the upper drawer .
the person opened the lower drawer again to retrieve a cutting board .
the person set the cutting board on the counter .
the person cut the orange in half .
once the orange was cut in half , the person used the juicer to squeeze juice from the orange half .
the person repeated the squeezing process with the other half of the orange , .
the person retrieved a glass from a cabinet .
the person poured the orange juice from the juicer into the glass , .
the person cleaned the pulp from the juicer with a spoon , .
once that was done , the person placed the juicer , knife , and cutting board into the sink .
the person stirred the pulp into his orange juice .
the person removed an orange from the fridge .
the person rinsed the orange .
the person placed the orange on the counter .
the person took a knife , cutting board , and juicer from the drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person pressed one half of orange onto the juicer .
the person cut the orange half some more .
the person twisted the orange .
the person reapplied the orange half to the juicer .
the person cut into the other half of the orange .
the person twisted the other orange half on the juicer .
the person threw the leftovers into the trash .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added the pulp to the glass .
the person stirred the orange juice .
the person tasted the orange juice .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out an orange from the refrigerator , .
the person washed an orange in the sink .
the person took out a juicer , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the orange in half , .
the person scored the top of the orange .
juiced each half of the orange .
the person took out a glass .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person scraped the pulp out of the juicer .
the person placed the pulp in the glass as well .
the person placed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person washed the orange .
the person got a juicer , a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced each half of the orange .
the person removed the top from the juicer .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice in the glass .
the person added the pulp to the juice .
the person stirred the juice .
the person entered the room .
the person openned the fridge .
the person took an orange .
the person washed the orange under fresh water .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person openned a drawer .
the person took a squeezer .
the person took a knife and a trencher from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in two halfs .
the person made some cut inside the orange half .
the person tried to squeeze the orange .
the person cut inside the other orange half .
the person squeezed the other half of orange .
the person threw the rested of the orange into the garbage .
the person took a glass from a closet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person took a spoon .
the person put the pulp from the squeezer into the glass .
the person took a fork .
mixed the orange juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person washed the orange over at the sink .
the person grabbed an orange squeezer , a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in halves .
the person grabbed one half of orange .
the person tried to squeeze the orange found resistance .
the person cut down the middle of the orange a little bit .
the person tried again to squeeze the orange by hand .
the person squeezed the orange by applying force downwards and moving in a circular motion .
the person grabbed the other half of orange .
the person cut down the middle a bit .
the person started squeezing the other half of orange .
the person grabbed the first half of orange again .
the person squeezed the first half of orange a second time .
the person threw both squeezed halves in the trash .
the person stirred the pulp with the knife .
the person grabbed a cup from the cabinet .
the person poured the orange juice inside the cup .
the person grabbed a spoon from a drawer .
the person removed the pulp from the squeezer .
the person threw the pulp in the same cup as the juice .
the person put all the utensils used in the sink .
the person grabbed a fork from a drawer , .
the person stirred the juice .
the person licked the fork .
before putting the fork in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an orange from the crisper in the refrigerator .
closing the refrigerator door the person walked to the sink .
the person turned on the water .
the person rinsed off the orange by carefully rubbing it under running water .
the person turned off the water with the other hand .
the person shook the excess water off the orange with one hand , .
the person stepped to the right , .
the person dried his hands on a towel hanging from the cabinet drawer .
the person flipped the towel up on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a manual juicer with a screen meant to separate pulp from juice .
the person retrieved a cutting board from the first drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person pressed the orange on the juicer and had trouble getting any juice from it .
the person cut slots into the orange across the sections .
the person went back to pressing the orange half for juice .
the person finished the first orange half he cut slots into the second orange half , .
the person pressed , and twisted the second orange half on the juicer , removing both juice and pulp .
this done the person threw the depleted orange away .
the person went to a cabinet , .
the person got a glass .
the person went back to the counter holding the juicer .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person removed the pulp from the juicer with a spoon .
the person placed the pulp in the glass with juice .
the person placed all of the utensils into the sink .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person stirred the juice and pulp together .
the person took out an orange from the refrigerator .
the person washed the orange .
the person took out a manual citrus juicer .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half , .
the person took one half of orange .
the person pressed one orange half on the reamer .
it was a bit hard , the person made a few gentle slits into the flesh of the orange in order to loosen it up .
the person pressed the orange again on the reamer , rotating the order pressing .
the person kept doing the pressing and rotating the orange till all the juice was extracted and the orange was completely dry .
the person repeated the juicing procedure with the other half of orange .
the person took the first half of the orange .
the person threw the rind into the dustbin .
the person moved the fiber of the orange , collected around the reamer , around with the knife a bit .
the person poured the clear juice into a glass .
the person collected all the fiber from around the reamer and on top of it .
mixed all the fiber into the glass of juice .
the person stirred the juice up with a spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person washed the orange in the sink .
the person placed the orange on the counter .
the person took out a juicer and a cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced each half of the orange .
the person disposed of the orange husk .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a glass .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person took out a spoon .
the person added the pulp to the juice .
the person took out another spoon .
the person whisked the juice .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out an orange .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person rinsed off the orange under running water .
the person took a juicer , cutting board , and knife from out under the counter .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person took one half of the orange .
the person pressed and twisted the orange on the juicer to get the juice .
for the other half , the person cut it a little bit , .
the person juiced the other orange half .
the person finished , he threw the orange halves in the trash .
the person removed the strainer .
the person took a glass out of the pantry .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person took a spoon out of the drawer .
the person added the strained pulp into the juice .
the person put all the utensils in the sink , .
the person took out a fork .
the person stirred the juice with a fork .
the person licked the fork .
the person put the fork in the sink .
the person opened a refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person walked over to a counter .
the person placed the orange down .
the person opened a drawer to take out a towel , knife , and juicer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person began to press the orange onto the juicer .
the person disposed of the orange .
the person finished , he walked across the kitchen to retrieve a glass from a cabinet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person used a spoon to get the remaining pulp out of the juicer .
once the person finished the getting the remaining pulp , .
the person placed the juicer , spoon , and place mat in the sink .
the person searched for another spoon in the drawer .
the person stirred the orange juice .
first the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person washed an orange in the sink .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person got supplies out of the drawer including a knife , cutting board , and hand fruit juicer .
the person cut the orange into two halves , .
the person rubbed two orange halves on the juicer .
the person pressed hard to get all the juice out of the oranges , .
the person rubbed the pulp in the juicer around to ensure all the juice had dropped into the lower catch .
the person retrieved a cup from the cupboard .
the person poured the small amount of juice in the lower catch into the cup .
the person stirred the juice with a spoon from the drawer , .
the person laughingly tasted the spoon .
the person went to the fridge .
the person retrieved a single orange .
the person rinsed the orange off in the sink .
the person placed the orange on the counter top .
the person opened the top drawer .
the person retrieved a juicer and a knife .
from the second drawer down the person retrieved a cutting board .
the person grabbed the orange .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person began removing the juice with the juicer .
a couple turned of the orange on the juicer the person stopped .
the person made a few cut into the fruit , over the cutting board .
the person continued to juice the orange half until it was dry .
the person proceeded to do the juicing with the second half of orange .
the person extracted more juice from the first orange half .
the person discarded both halves of orange .
the person retrieved a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person used a spoon to remove pulp from the juicer .
the person placed the pulp in the glass , with the juice .
the person placed all utensils , including the juicer and cutting board into the sink .
the person removed a fork from the top drawer .
the person stirred the glass of juice , .
the person tasted the juice from the fork , .
the person placed the fork in the sink .
the person retrieved an orange from the refrigerator .
the person washed the orange under the sink .
the person got a juicer , paring knife , and cutting board from a drawer .
the person set a juicer , paring knife , and cutting board on the counter .
the person sliced the orange in half , .
the person made cut into the flesh of the orange , .
the person began juicing the orange .
the person finished he threw both sides of the peel into the trash .
the person removed the pulp screen from the juicer , .
the person retrieved a glass from the cupboard , .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person got an orange from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the orange in a sink .
the person got a juicer , a cutting board , and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced half the orange on the juicer .
the person juiced the other half of the orange on the juicer .
the person put the oranges in the trash .
the person got a glass from a cabinet .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person got a spoon from a drawer .
the person spooned the pulp into the glass .
the person put the cutting board , knife , and juicer in the sink .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person stirred the orange juice with the spoon .
the person took a plastic carton of two limes out of a refrigerator .
the person opened the carton .
the person removed one of the limes .
the person rinsed the lime in the sink .
the person dried the lime with a dish towel .
the person reached into a drawer .
the person took out a small cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person also retrieved a manual juicer from the drawer .
the person proceeded to thoroughly juice the lime , .
the person twisted the lime around the juicer many , many times .
the person juiced both halves of the lime , .
the person glanced up several times .
several twisted of the lime , the person would intermittently squeeze the lime to release the most juice he could .
several twisted of the lime , the person would intermittently squeeze the lime to release the most juice he could .
several twisted of the lime , the person would intermittently squeeze the lime to release the most juice he could .
the person threw away the lime rinds .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed lime from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the lime .
the person dried the lime with a towel .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person grabbed a squeezer from a drawer .
the person grabbed one of the lime halves .
the person squeezed by hand on top of the squeezer .
the person took the other lime half .
the person squeezed the other lime half by hand on top of the squeezer .
the person threw both lime halves in the trash .
the person got some limes out of the fridge .
the person took one lime out of the package .
the person put the lime on the counter .
the person rinsed a lime .
the person dried a lime .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person got a juicer out of the drawer .
the person juiced the lime .
the person squeezed the lime to get the last of the juice out .
the person threw the lime skins away .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a package of lime .
the person took out one of limes from the package , .
the person rinsed one of limes .
the person dried one of limes .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out .
the person placed the lime on the board .
the person sliced the lime in two .
the person took a juicer out .
the person took one half of the lime .
the person squeezed the juice out using the juicer .
the person juiced the other half in the same way .
the person threw the lime halves in the trash .
the person removed two limes from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a lime in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person removed a small juicer from the drawer .
the person manually pressed one lime half on the juicer .
the person squeezed the lime halves to get all the juice out .
the person pressed the other half on the juicer .
the person threw the lime peeled in the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pack of limes out of the fridge .
the person took one lime from the pack .
the person rinsed one lime in the sink .
the person dried one lime .
the person got a cutting board out of the cabinet .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half on the cutting board .
the person got a juicer from the drawer .
the person juiced one half of the lime .
the person juiced one half of the lime .
the person threw away the lime skins .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a lime from a package .
the person washed a lime .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the lime in half , .
the person took out a juicer .
the person juiced each half of the lime thoroughly , .
the person threw out the pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a package of limes out of the fridge .
the person rinsed a lime using the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person grabbed a blue juicer out the drawer .
the person used the blue juicer for both pieces of lime .
the person tossed the leftover lime into the garbage .
the person took a package of limes out of the refrigerator .
the person took a lime out of the package .
the person rinsed a lime in the sink .
the person dried the lime .
the person got a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife out of another .
the person sliced the lime in half with the knife .
the person got a juicer out of another drawer .
the person spun half of the lime on a juicer .
the person spun the other half of the lime on the juicer .
the person threw the juiced lime halves in the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went directly to the refrigerator .
the person picked a pack of limes from the refrigerator .
the person went to the platform .
the person picked one lime from the pack .
the person left the rest of the pack on the platform .
the person washed one lime under the tap .
the person dried one lime with the napkin .
wards , the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the platform .
also took a knife .
the person placed the lime on the cutting board .
the person cut the lime in to two equal halves .
the person finished cutting the lime .
the person retrieved a plastic juicer from the drawer .
the person placed a plastic juicer on the platform .
the person started grinding one half of the lime on a plastic juicer to produce juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person rinsed the lime .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person got a juicer from under the counter .
the person juiced one half of the lime on the juicer .
the person juiced the other half on the juicer .
the person threw away the two lime halves .
the person removed a package of limes from the refrigerator .
the person picked one lime .
the person rinsed the lime .
the person dried the lime , .
the person placed the lime on a cutting board .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person used the juicer from a cabinet , he began pressing the lime .
the person twisted the lime halves to remove the juice .
occasionally , the person lightly rotated a lime .
lightly squeezed a lime half away from the juicer to soften a lime .
the person finished by scraping the edge of one half lime against the juicer 's edge .
the person threw the lime rinded away .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took two limes packaged in a tray with film overwrap out of the refrigerator , .
the person took two limes to the sink , .
where the person removed one from the packaging .
the person rinsed one lime under the faucet .
the person dried the lime with a dishtowel , .
the person took a small wooden cutting board and a knife out of a drawer , .
the person cut the lime in half crosswise .
the person placed the knife on the counter , .
the person took a juicer out of a drawer , .
the person began juicing one of the halves , .
the person rotated one of the halves on the juicer for roughly one minute , .
the person stopped occasionally to squeeze more juice from the half between his thumb and first three fingers .
the person placed the juiced half on the cutting board , .
the person picked up the other half , .
the person squeezed the other half between his thumb and first three fingers a few times .
before beginning to rotate the other half on the juicer .
the person rotated the other half for roughly one minute and fifteen seconds , .
the person stopped occasionally to squeeze more juice from the half between his thumb and first three fingers .
the person stopped occasionally to squeeze more juice from the half between his thumb and first three fingers .
the person placed this half on the cutting board to the other one , .
the person looked briefly into the juicer , .
the person threw both lime halves in the trash .
the person moved the knife onto the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got some limes .
the person washed a lime .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut a lime .
the person got a juicer from the drawer .
the person juiced the lime .
the person threw the lime away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a package of limes from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a lime in the sink .
the person dried a lime on a towel .
the person took a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime halves on a hand juicer .
the person talked to someone in front of his as he juiced the lime .
the person discarded the lime halved into the waste bin .
the person took out a lime from the refrigerator .
the person washed a lime .
the person wiped a lime dry .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut a lime horizontally into two .
the person took out a manual juicer .
the person took one half of the lime .
the person pressed one half of the lime on the reamer .
the person rotated the lime .
the person pressed the lime on the reamer to extract the juice .
the person kept pressing the lime .
the person rotated the lime on the reamer till the lime became completely dry .
the person also squeezed out some of the juice manually every now and .
the person repeated the process with the other half .
the person threw the lime rind into the dustbin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took from the fridge a package of limes .
the person took out one of the limes .
the person placed on the counter a package of limes .
the person washed one of the limes .
the person took out a cutting board and small knife .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person took out a squeezer .
the person proceeded to squeeze the juice out of the first half of the lime .
the person had squeezed the limes .
the person squeezed the juice out of the second half of the lime .
the person squeezed he looked up and talked .
the person finished he threw out the limes .
the person got two limes from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed one off in a sink .
the person got cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person got a juicer from the drawer .
the person juiced one half of the lime .
the person juiced the other half of the lime .
the person put the limes in a trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a pack of limes .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person pulled out one lime from the pack .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person pulled out a knife and cutting board .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person pulled out a juicer .
the person twisted half of the lime over the juicer .
the person twisted the other half of the lime over the juicer .
the person tossed the peels in the trash can .
the person took out a package of limes , .
the person rinsed one of the two under running water .
the person took a knife and a cutting board out from the drawer under the counter .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person took out a juicer .
juiced both halves of the lime .
once the person finished juicing the limes , .
the person threw the halves away in the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the cupboards in the back .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person put the bread on the counter to the sink .
the person got a small white plate from a different cupboard .
the person opened the plastic packaging on the loaf of bread .
the person found a serrated knife in the drawer .
the person began slicing the bread , .
the person stopped to get a small wooden cutting board from another drawer .
the person placed the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person continued slicing two pieces .
the person put both pieces of bread on the plate .
the person started to wrap the bread up again .
the person opened the pantry doors .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person also got a plate from the cupboard .
the person unwrapped the loaf of bread carefully , .
the person took a knife out from the drawer .
the person almost sliced a piece of bread off , .
instead , took a cutting board out .
the person placed the loaf on the cutting board , .
the person sliced off two slices of bread .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person wrapped the loaf of bread back up .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took out bread from the cabinet .
the person kept the bread on the kitchen platform .
the person opened the other cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person kept that plate on the kitchen platform beside the bread .
the person removed the wrapper of the bread .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person tried to cut the loaf of the bread .
the person kept the knife on the plate .
the person removed a big plate from the drawer .
the person kept the bread in the big plate .
the person took the knife .
the person cut two loafs of the bread .
the person kept the two loafs in the smaller plate .
the person wrapped the bread again properly .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person took a small plate from the cabinet .
the person opened the bread .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced off two pieces on a cutting board he got from the drawer .
the person placed the two slices of bread onto the plate .
the person sealed up the bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread and a plate from the cabinet .
the person opened the bread .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced a piece of bread .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person sliced another piece of bread .
the person put the two slices of bread on the plate .
the person wrapped the loaf of bread back in its wrapper .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a loaf of bread and a plate .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person sliced the bread on the cutting board , .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person placed the slices on the plate , .
the person wrapped the remaining bread back up .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled out some bread .
the person took the bread over to the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person put the plate on the counter to the bread .
the person used his fingers , he opened package the bread .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person cut the bread into a thin slice .
the person put the knife down .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a round cutting board .
the person place the cutting board on the counter .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut another thin slice of bread .
the person put down the knife .
the person put the first slice of bread on the plate .
the person put that piece , also , on the plate .
the person wrapped back up the bread .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a package of bread from the cupboard .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person opened the bread package .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person started to cut a slice .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed the loaf on the cutting board .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person placed the two slices on the plate .
the person wrapped the remaining loaf .
the person obtained a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the table .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed a plate on the table .
the person opened the bread .
the person set the loaf on the table .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person held the bread with one hand .
the person began cutting off a small piece .
before the person finished the cut , he stopped .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person positioned the loaf on the cutting board .
the person finished the first cut .
the person made a second similar cut .
the person stacked the cut pieces of bread on the plate .
the person wrapped up the remainder of the loaf in it was packaging .
the person got a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person got a plate .
the person opened the loaf of bread .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person began to slice the bread .
the person got a cutting board .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person stacked the slices on a plate .
the person wrapped the remaining loaf of bread .
the person got a loaf bread from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a long knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the bread on a counter .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the bread on the cutting board .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of a cabinet .
the person took a dish out of another cabinet .
the person opened the loaf of bread .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person started slicing the bread .
the person stopped .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person finished slicing two slices of bread .
the person put the two slices of bread on the dish .
the person rewrapped the bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person took out a plate .
the person opened the bag of bread .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person placed the two slices of bread onto a plate .
the person closed the bread bag .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person put the bread on the counter .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person opened the package of bread .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person started to slice the bread .
the person got out a cutting board to finish .
the person cut two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person re-wrapped the bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the pantry and a plate out of the cupboard .
the person unwrapped the bread , .
the person pulled a serrated knife out of the drawer .
the person began to slice the bread .
the person cut one slice of bread , .
the person pulled a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person moved the bread to the cutting board .
the person cut another slice of bread .
the person moved the slices to the plate .
the person wrapped the bread back up .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person retrieved a package of bread from the pantry .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person unwrapped the package .
which the person retrieved a knife from a kitchen drawer .
unsuccessfully trying to slice the bread , .
the person fetched a chopping board from a cabinet .
the person placed the bread on the chopping board .
successfully sliced off two slices from the loaf .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
re wrapped the break package .
video ended with him talking to someone offscreen .
the person removed some bread and a plate from a cabinet .
the person opened the bread .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the bread .
the person retrieved a cutting board from a drawer .
the person sliced more bread .
the person put the bread on a plate .
the person closed the bread .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet , .
the person removed some bread .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person walked back over to the cabinet .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person walked back over to the counter , .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person opened the bread .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person sliced the bread .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board under the bread , .
the person continued slicing the bread .
the person placed two slices of bread on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person took a plate out of another cabinet .
also placed a plate on the counter .
the person opened the bread packaging .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person started to cut a slice from the end of the bread .
the person got a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person finished cutting the slice .
the person cut another slice of bread from the loaf .
the person placed the bread slices on the plate .
the person re-closed the package around the bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a kiwi from the fridge .
a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi thinly .
the person fanned the sliced kiwi on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a package of kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person took a small plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a kiwi out of the package .
the person rinsed a kiwi off in the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person put the slices of kiwi onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , plate and kiwi .
the person washed the kiwi in the sink .
the person cut the top and bottom off of the kiwi , .
the person sliced the kiwi thinly .
the person put the pieces onto the plate .
a young person walked into a kitchen .
a granite counter .
the person opened a drawer under the counter .
the person took out a wooded cutting board and a small knife .
the person turned around at a right angle .
the person opened the door of a refrigerator .
the person took out a container which appeared to contain some sort of produce in it .
the person placed the container on the side counter , .
the person turned to face a wall of cabinets opposite the counter .
the person removed a plate from a cabinet .
the person turned around to place a plate on the counter .
the person took an item from the container .
the person chopped an item finely on the board .
the person was finished shopping , he took the pieces .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife out of the kitchen drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person went into the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person took one kiwi out of the box .
the person rinsed one kiwi in the sink .
the person cut off the top and bottom of the kiwi .
the person left the top and bottom of the kiwi to the side of the cutting board .
the person sliced the kiwi into thin slices .
the person put the thin slices on the plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took out a package of kiwis from the refrigerator .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person grabbed one kiwi from the package .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person cut off the ends of the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi into several slices .
the person placed these slices onto the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out a small cutting board and a knife from two separate drawers .
the person got a container of kiwi from the fridge and a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person took one of the kiwis out of the container .
the person rinsed one of the kiwis off .
the person placed the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands on the towel .
the person cut the ends of the kiwi off .
the person moved the ends to the one side of the cutting board .
the person quickly sliced the rest of the kiwi .
the person placed the kiwi neatly on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a large plate from a cabinet .
the person also took a knife .
the person placed a knife on the plate .
the person took out a box of berries from a refrigerator .
the person opened a box of berries on a counter .
the person took out a small plate out of another cabinet .
the person set a small plate on a counter .
the person took a berry from the container .
the person washed a berry in the sink .
the person placed the berry on the large plate .
the person sliced the berry with the knife into many pieces .
the person placed the sliced berry onto the small plate .
the person came into kitchen , .
the person opened a rack .
the person took cutting board .
the person opened another rack .
the person took knife .
the person kept the knife on cutting board .
the person walked towards the fridge .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a box full of kiwi fruits .
the person kept fruit box on kitchen slab beside fridge .
the person opened the fruit box .
the person walked towards a cupboard .
the person opened a cupboard to take a plate .
the person put the plate on slab .
the person took a fruit from the box .
the person went towards sink .
the person washed fruit .
the person put the fruit on the cutting board .
the person wiped his hand with a napkin .
the person came back to the kitchen slab on which he kept cutting board and fruit .
the person took the fruit .
the person cut the opposite ends of the fruit .
the person cut rest to the fruits into thin slices .
the person shifted all the slices from cutting board to the plate .
the person kept knife back .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took out a designed dish from drawer .
the person kept a designed dish on kitchen platform .
the person took out a knife from the upper drawer .
the person kept on the dish .
the person opened refrigerator .
the person took a fruit box from the refrigerator .
the person opened the other cabinet door .
the person took out a white colored dish .
the person kept a white colored dish also on the kitchen platform .
the person took one fruit from the box .
the person washed one fruit with water nicely .
the person washed the fruit .
the person closed the tap .
the person wiped his hands with napkin .
the person cut the fruit .
the person kept the pieces into the white dish .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person put the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person cut the kiwi into thin slices .
the person put the cut kiwi onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person put the kiwi on the board .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person opened the kitchen drawer .
the person took out the cutting board and knife , .
the person placed the cutting board and knife on the countertop .
the person opened the fridge to take a kiwi .
the person placed the kiwi on the countertop .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate to the cutting board .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person put the kiwi on the board .
the person used the knife to slice the kiwi .
the person put slices of kiwi in the plate .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a circular shaped cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a package out of the refrigerator .
the person opened a cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person placed a plate into table .
the person opened the package .
the person took a kiwi from the package .
the person opened the pipe .
the person cleaned the kiwi by rubbing its skin under water with his fingers .
the person closed the pipe .
the person paced the kiwi on the cutting board , .
the person cleaned his hands using a towel .
the person removed the top and bottom portions of the kiwi with the knife .
the person sliced rest of the kiwi .
the person placed the rest of the kiwi into the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got out a package of kiwi .
the person selected one kiwi from the package .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person placed the kiwi slices on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a container out of the refrigerator .
the person opened a container .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a kiwi out of the container .
the person washed the kiwi in the sink .
the person sliced the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person arranged the kiwi on the plate .
a gentleman entered the kitchen .
the person opened two drew to pull out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the refrigerator , .
the person took out a container of kiwi .
the person opened a container of kiwi .
the person went into a cupboard , .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed a plate on the counter to the cutting board with the knife .
the person washed the kiwi , .
the person placed the kiwi on the cutting board .
the gentlemen went to the hanging cloth towel to dry his hands off .
the person picked up the knife .
the person began cutting up the kiwi .
the gentleman placed the sliced kiwi onto a plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the kiwi in a sink .
the person sliced the kiwi with the knife .
the person took an orange out of the fridge .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person grabbed a juicer from the bottom drawer .
the person pressed and twisted one orange half onto the juicer .
the person put the remaining peel onto the cutting board .
the person juiced the second orange half .
the person threw the empty orange peeled into the trash bin .
the person used a spoon to scrape the pulp from the juicer into the garbage .
the person took a glass out of the cupboard .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person got another spoon from the drawer and sugar from the cupboard .
the person spooned one spoonful into the glass .
the person stirred the orange juice and sugar .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a knife out of another drawer .
the person sliced the orange in half with the knife .
the person took a juicer out of a drawer .
the person spun an orange half on the juicer and the other half .
the person took a spoon out of a drawer .
the person threw the orange peels in the trash .
the person dumped the pulp in the top of the juicer into the trash .
the person took a glass out of the pantry .
the person poured the orange juice into a glass .
the person took sugar out of the pantry .
the person put a little bit in the juice .
the person stirred the juice with a new spoon .
the person put the sugar back in the pantry .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person removed a juicer from a drawer .
the person juiced the orange .
the person got a spoon from a drawer .
the person spooned the pulp on the juicer into the garbage .
the person retrieved a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person got some sugar from the cabinet .
the person added the sugar to the juice .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person manually pressed one orange half on the juicer .
the person pressed the other half on the juicer .
the person took out a spoon from the drawer .
the person threw the orange peels in the garbage .
the person removed the seeds from the juicer with the spoon .
the person removed a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person removed sugar from the cabinet .
the person placed one spoonful of sugar into the glass .
the person stirred the sugar in the glass .
the person entered in the kitchen .
the person opened the freezer .
the person took an orange .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the orange into two pieces .
the person took a juicer from the drawer .
the person squeezed juice from the orange with the juicer .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
the person disposed the waste skin of orange in the dustbin .
the person removed the filtered seeds from the lid of juicer into the dustbin .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a pack of sugar .
the person added one spoon of sugar to the juice extract .
the person sealed the pack .
the person placed back the pack into the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in halves .
the person grabbed a plastic squeezer from a drawer .
the person squeezed one half of the orange on top of the squeezer .
the person squeezed the other half .
the person grabbed a spoon from a drawer .
the person threw the squeezed orange in the trash .
the person removed the pulp from the top part of the squeezer with a spoon .
the person threw the pulp in the trash .
the person grabbed a cup from the cabinet .
the person poured the orange juice from the squeezer .
the person grabbed sugar from a cabinet and another spoon from a drawer .
the person added sugar to the orange juice .
the person stirred the orange juice .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed an orange out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person grabbed a white juicer out of the drawer .
the person used a juicer with the pieces of orange .
the person tossed the peels and pulp into the garbage .
the person grabbed a drinking glass out the cabinet .
the person poured the orange juice into the drinking glass .
the person poured a little sugar into the glass of orange juice .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person put the orange on the counter .
the person got out a cutting board .
the amnd got out a knife .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person took a juicer from the drawer .
the person juiced one half of the orange .
the person juiced the other half .
the person threw the peels away .
the person scooped the pulp out with a spoon .
the person got a glass out the cupboard .
e sat the glass on the counter .
the person pour the orange juice into the glass .
the person got sugar from the cabinet .
put sugar in the juice .
the person put the sugar away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the orange in half with the knife .
the person got a juicer from the drawer .
the person juiced both halves of the orange .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person threw away the orange skin .
the person spooned the pulp into the trash .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice from the juicer into the glass .
the person got sugar from the pantry .
the person stirred a spoon of sugar into the juice .
the person put the sugar away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the orange into two pieces .
the person juiced each half of the orange .
the person took out a spoon .
the person disposed of the orange husk .
the person disposed of the orange pulp .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a glass .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person took out sugar .
the person added sugar to the juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person got a juicer from under the counter .
juiced one of the orange halves on a juicer .
the person did the same to the other half .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person scooped the pulp out of the juicer strainer .
the person threw the pulp away .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person got some sugar .
the person put a spoonful into the glass of juice .
the person entered in the kitchen .
the person opened the freezer .
the person took an orange .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the orange into two pieces .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person took out a juicer .
the person squeezed the orange in the juicer .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a spoon .
the person transferred the waste orange into a dustbin .
the person removed the filtered seeds into the dustbin using spoon .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a glass .
the person transferred the juice into a glass .
the person took a sugar box from the cupboard .
the person added a spoon of sugar to the juice .
the person sealed back the box .
the person placed in the cupboard .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out an orange , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the orange in half , .
the person took out a juicer .
the person juiced each half of the orange .
the person threw out the fruit .
the person took out a glass .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person took out a container of sugar .
the person added a few teaspoons .
the person took an orange out of the fridge .
the person got a cutting board .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person used a knife to cut the orange in half .
the person took out a juicer .
the person worked the juice out of the orange halves .
the person threw away the used orange halves .
the person cleaned the juicer .
the person poured the orange juice in a glass .
mixed in a spoon of sugar in the juice .
the person took the orange out of the refrigerator .
the person placed a cutting board and knife onto the counter .
the person placed the orange onto the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person placed a juicer onto the counter .
the person twisted the orange on the juicer .
the person threw the orange peels in the garbage .
the person placed a glass onto the counter .
the person poured the extracted orange juice into the glass .
the person added sugar to the orange juice .
the person removed an orange from the fridge .
the person placed both the cutting board and orange on the counter .
the person sliced the orange into two halves .
the person took out a juicer .
the person drained all of the juice .
the person squeezed all of the juice out of the orange .
the person threw away the orange peeling .
the person took the pulp from the juicer and threw the pulp away .
the person poured the orange juice a glass .
the person added sugar to the glass of orange juice .
the person placed the sugar back in the fridge .
the person removed an orange from a fridge .
the person took an orange to a counter .
the person took out a chopping board and a knife .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person took out a juice squeezer .
the person pushed the orange .
the person twisted the orange onto a juice squeezer to extract the juice .
the person discarded the skin of the orange .
the person scraped out the top of the juice squeezer with a small spoon .
the person fetched a glass from a cupboard .
the person put the juice into a glass .
the person got some sugar and with a fresh spoon .
the person put one spoon of sugar into the juice .
the person got an orange from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person got an hand juicer from the drawer .
the person juiced half the orange on the hand juicer .
the person juiced the other half of the orange .
the person put the orange half in a trash can .
the person put the pulp in the trash can .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the orange juice in the glass .
the person got sugar from the cabinet and a spoon from the drawer .
the person added sugar to the juice with the spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person placed the orange on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person retrieved a hand juicer from a drawer .
the person worked one orange half over the hand juicer .
the person repeated the process with the other half of orange .
the person took a spoon from a drawer .
the person discarded the orange peel .
the person used the spoon to discard the orange pulp from the hand juicer .
the person took a glass from a cupboard .
the person poured the juice from the juicer into a glass .
the person took a bag of sugar from a cupboard .
the person took a tablespoon of sugar .
the person stirred a tablespoon of sugar into the orange juice .
the person returned the sugar to the cupboard .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a circular cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in half , .
the person took out an orange squeezer from the drawer .
the person squeezed the juice from the orange with the device , .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person threw the gutted orange in the trash , .
the person used the spoon to extract the pulp from the squeezer .
the person got a glass from the cupboard .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person got a package of sugar from the pantry , .
the person put a spoonful in the glass .
the person put the sugar back in the pantry .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cauliflower .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got a knife , cutting board and a stainless steel bowl .
the person removed the outer leaves and stem of the cauliflower with the knife .
the person threw the outer leaves and stem in the trash .
the person washed the cauliflower at the sink .
the person cut the smaller stemmed to separate the cauliflower florets .
the person grabbed a pan from a cabinet , .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed a pan in the stove .
the person cut the smaller stemmed .
the person grabbed a smaller bowl from a cabinet .
the person placed the smaller stemmed in the smaller stainless steel bowl and the florets in the bigger bowl .
the person threw the smaller stemmed in the trash .
the person grabbed condiments from the refrigerator , a cabinet and the counter .
mixed the condiments in the smaller bowl .
the person dipped the cauliflower florets in the condiments .
the person placed the cauliflower florets in the pan .
the person poured the condiment bowl in the pan .
the person covered the pan with the cutting board .
the person lifted the cutting board , .
the person stirred the cauliflower .
the person placed back on top of the pan at two different occasions .
the person grabbed a fork from a drawer , .
the person tried the cauliflower .
the person turned the stove off .
the person grabbed a plate and a spoon .
the person placed the cauliflower on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out cauliflower .
the person grabbed two bowled , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person washed the cauliflower , .
the person chopped the cauliflower up .
the person put oil in a pan .
coated the cauliflower in cream and seasonings .
the person put the cauliflower in the pan to fry the cauliflower .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board over the pan to cover it .
the person tried the cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person took a cauliflower to the counter from the fridge .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife , and a bowl .
the person cut the outer leaves away from the cauliflower .
the person cut away the core of the cauliflower .
the person turned on the stovetop .
the person put a pan on the burner .
the person continued to cut the cauliflower into smaller pieces into the bowl .
the person rinsed out the bowl .
the person perused the fridge for a .
the person brought milk , oil , and spices over to the counter .
the person combined milk and spices into the bowl .
the person poured olive oil into the pan .
the person battered the cauliflower in portions .
the person added the cauliflower to the hot pan .
the person took out a wooden spoon .
mixed the cauliflower .
the person cleaned off the cutting board .
every now and the person checked on the cauliflower .
the person stirred the cauliflower .
the person cleaned up the kitchen a bit cooking .
every now and the person checked on the cauliflower .
the person stirred the cauliflower .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cauliflower from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board , knife and bowl from under the counter .
the person began to cut the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person threw the leaves away .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person started cleaning the cauliflower .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut around the center of the cauliflower to separate the pieces .
the person finished separating the pieces .
the person got a pan from under the sink .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the pan on the stove .
the person put the cauliflower in the bowl .
the person threw away the cauliflower trash .
the person rinsed his utensils and cutting board .
the person got some batter from the fridge and some olive oil from the pantry .
the person poured some batter into a bowl and some olive oil into a pan .
the person added some seasoning to the batter .
the person added the cauliflower and batter to the hot pan .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person used the cutting board to cover the pan .
the person cleaned the kitchen .
the person talked to someone off screen .
the person took the pan off the stove .
the person ate a piece .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person poured the cauliflower onto a plate .
the person retrieved a cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person placed a cauliflower on the counter .
the person pulled a knife from the drawer .
the person pulled a cutting board and a bowl from the cabinets below the countertop .
the person sliced off the outer leaves of the cauliflower .
the person threw the outer leaves in the garbage .
the person washed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person began to segment the cauliflower into smaller florets .
the person turned on his stove .
the person placed a skillet on the burner .
the person cut the stemmed from the florets .
the person threw the stemmed away .
the person retrieved buttermilk , olive oil , and spices .
the person mixed the buttermilk and spices in a bowl to make a batter .
the person poured a small amount of olive oil in his skillet .
the person dipped the cauliflower florets in the batter .
the person placed the cauliflower florets in the hot skillet .
the person placed a lid on the skillet .
the person replaced the lid over the hot skillet with his clean cutting board .
the person returned the ingredients to their places .
the person stirred the cauliflower mixture .
the person wiped his countertop and stove with a wet rag he waited .
the person again stirred his cauliflower mixture in the skillet .
the person waited for a few more minutes .
the person turned off his stove .
the person removed his skillet from the hot burner .
the person took the skillet to the garbage as if he was going to throw out his cooked cauliflower .
the person instead placed the finished cauliflower on a plate from his cabinet .
the person cleaned the cauliflower by removing the outer leaves , .
the person discarded the outer leaves .
the person washed the cauliflower thoroughly .
the person chopped the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person separated the cauliflower stemmed from the florets .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person poured some cream into a bowl , .
the person poured a small amount of cooking oil into the pan .
into the cream , the person put his seasonings .
the person stirred the mixture until combined .
the person dipped about half the cauliflower into the cream mixture .
the person fried half the cauliflower in the hot pan .
the person added the remaining cauliflower to the pan , .
the person poured in the remaining cream mixture , .
the person stirred the mixture lightly .
the person covered the pan to simmer the mixture .
cooking approximately three minutes , the person stirred the pan lightly , .
the person cooked the cauliflower another 3-5 minutes .
the cauliflower was done , the person removed it from the heat .
the person put the cauliflower onto a plate to serve .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a head of cauliflower .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person cut off the leaves on the cauliflower .
the person disposed of the cauliflower leaved .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into small chunks .
the person took out a skillet .
the person placed a skillet onto the stove .
the person removed more of the stemmed .
the person placed the smaller pieces of cauliflower into a bowl .
the person disposed of the cauliflower stemmed .
the person took out milk and olive oil .
the person put the milk into a bowl .
the person cooked the cauliflower in the skillet with the milk .
the person steamed the cauliflower .
the person placed the cauliflower onto a plate .
the person removed the cauliflower from the fridge .
the person removed the cauliflower 's leaved with a knife on a cutting board .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces , .
the person mixed milk and some spices in a small bowl with a spoon , .
the person coated the cauliflower .
the person fried the small pieces in a frying pan .
the person ended up using the cutting board as a lid .
the cauliflower was done , the person tried a piece .
the person made as if to throw the cauliflower away .
the person received instructions from off camera , he instead put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person entered the room .
the person removed a head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a knife , cutting board , and a medium sized metal bowl .
the person removed the outer leaves of the cauliflower .
the person disposed of the outer leaves and the bottom stem .
the person cut off the bottom stem , .
the person pulled out a pan and another smaller bowl .
the person cut the vegetable into small bite sized pieces .
the person discarded the stemmed of the cauliflower into the smaller bowl .
the person placed the small bite sized pieces into the bowl .
the person emptied the small bowl , .
the person also retrieved vegetable oil and two spices from the kitchen , .
the person poured batter mix into the small bowl .
the person poured the oil in the pan .
mixed the spices in the batter .
the person dipped the cauliflower into the mixture .
the person placed the cauliflower pieces in the now warm pan .
the person placed the cutting board over the pan to reduce splatter .
the cauliflower cooked , the person cleaned the counter top .
the person in the video retrieved a cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife , cutting board and medium-sized silver bowl from the drawer in front of her .
the person removed the green leaves surrounding the exterior of the cauliflower .
the person disposed of these components .
the person cut away the stem , .
the person separated the florets into smaller pieces .
the person cut off the smaller pieces ' smaller stemmed .
the person disposed of the smaller stemmed as well .
the person retrieved some olive oil , spices and milk from his pantry .
the person heated up olive oil in a skillet .
the person dredged the florets in milk and spices .
the person placed the florets on the skillet .
the person placed the cutting board over the skillet .
the person allowed to cauliflower to cook for a few minutes .
the cauliflower was done cooking the person plated the finished product for serving .
the person chose a head of cauliflower , a knife and a bowl .
the person removed the inedible parts of the vegetable .
the person discarded the inedible parts of the vegetable .
the person rinsed the vegetable under running water .
the person proceeded to cut the vegetable .
the person heated a pan on the stove .
separate the stemmed from the florets .
the person discarded the stemmed .
the person cleaned his utensils and cutting board .
the person poured buttermilk into a bowl , and olive oil into his pan .
the person added spices to the buttermilk .
the person stirred with a fork .
the person dipped the cauliflower into the buttermilk mixture .
the person placed the cauliflower pieces into the hot pan .
the pan was halfway full the person stirred the cauliflower .
the person added the remaining raw cauliflower .
the person poured the remaining buttermilk into the pan .
the person stirred to combine .
the person covered the pan with his wooden cutting board .
the person stirred the mixture occasionally throughout cooking .
the person began to clean his station .
the person removed the pan from the heat , .
the person tasted the finished product .
the person plated the dish .
the person came into kitchen , .
the person removed cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person placed the cauliflower on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , and bowl from a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board , knife , and bowl on the counter .
the person removed the outside of the cauliflower , .
the person washed the cauliflower under the faucet .
the person placed the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person placed a skillet on the stove .
the person cut up the cauliflower into the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board off .
the person let the cutting board drain in the sink .
mixed milk with spices in a bowl .
the person put oil in the skillet .
the person dipped some the pieces of cauliflower into the milk mix .
the person put the pieces of cauliflower in the skillet .
the person put other pieces of cauliflower in the skillet without dipping them .
the person placed the cutting board over the skillet .
the mixture cooked .
the person stirred the mixture .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person removed the skillet from the stove .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a bushel of cauliflower .
the person got out a cutting board , knife , and bowl .
the person cut the leaves and stemmed from the cauliflower .
the person threw the leaves and stemmed away .
the person separated the clump of cauliflower florets with the knife .
the person got out a skillet .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put a skillet on the stove .
the person further separated the cauliflower florets , .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person got out milk , olive oil , and seasonings .
the person put oil in the skillet .
the person stirred seasonings and milk into the bowl .
the person dipped the individual florets into the bowl of milk .
the person placed the individual florets in the skillet .
the person cooked the cauliflower .
with a wooden spatula the person stirred the cauliflower .
the person added the remaining milk to the skillet .
the person covered the skillet with the cutting board , .
with a wooden spatula the person stirred the cauliflower .
the person stirred the skillet mixture occasionally .
with a wooden spatula the person stirred the cauliflower .
the person stirred the skillet mixture occasionally .
about eight minutes the person turned off the stove .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cauliflower out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board , knife and metal bowled out of the drawers .
the person took the outer leaves off the cauliflower .
the person discarded the outer leaves .
the person washed the cauliflower head .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the head into smaller pieces .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person put a frying pan on the stove .
the person separated the florets from the stalks into the metal bowled .
the person threw the stalks into the garbage .
the person took milk out of the refrigerator , .
the person took oil out of the cabinet .
the person poured the milk into a small bowl .
the person put the oil in the frying pan .
the person added spices .
the person dipped the cauliflower in the milk .
the person put the cauliflower into the frying pan .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person used the cutting board to cover the frying pan .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person took the frying pan off the heat .
the person tested the cauliflower , .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person got a cauliflower from a refrigerator .
the person got a knife , a cutting board , and a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person cut the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person put the leaves in the trash bin .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person cut the stem out of the cauliflower .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the pan on the stove .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person put the small cauliflower pieces in the metal bowl .
the person got milk and oil .
the person poured the milk in the metal bowl .
the person put the oil in the frying pan .
the person dipped the cauliflower in the milk .
the person put the cauliflower in the frying pan .
the person used the cutting board as a lid .
the person put the cauliflower on the plate .
the person grabbed a cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person placed a cauliflower on the counter .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , and bowl .
the person cut off the outer leaves from the cauliflower .
the person threw the outer leaves away .
the person flipped the cutting board over , .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person cut the cauliflower into large chunks .
the person grabbed a pan , .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person placed the pan on the stove .
the person cut the cauliflower into smaller chunks , .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person grabbed a smaller bowl , .
the person separated the chunks into the larger bowl and the scraps into the smaller bowl .
the person threw away the scraps , .
the person rinsed the cutting board and bowl , .
the person dried the bowl with a towel .
the person poured milk and seasonings into the bowl , .
the person poured oil into the pan .
the person dipped the cauliflower into the seasoned milk .
the person threw the cauliflower into the hot pan .
the person placed the cutting board over the pan , .
the person checked the pan a few minutes , .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person tasted the cauliflower , .
the person grabbed a plate , .
the person spooned the cauliflower onto the plate .
the person removed a medium-sized cauliflower head from the refrigerator .
the person used a knife , he cut the stalk and leaved from the cauliflower .
the person discarded the stalk and leaved .
the person washed the de-stemmed cauliflower head , .
the person placed the de-stemmed cauliflower head on a cutting board .
the person cut the de-stemmed cauliflower head into small florets .
the person heated some cooking oil in a pan .
seasoned the bowl mixture with some mustard , pepper and salt .
the person whisked the contents of the sauce until the ingredients were all mixed .
the person coated each cauliflower floret with the sauce .
the person dropped each cauliflower floret in the pan .
the person had added all the florets to the pan , .
the person poured the rest of the sauce over the cauliflower , .
closed the pan .
every now and , the person used a fork to check whether the cauliflower was cooked just right so as to avoid over-cooking .
once the cauliflower in sauce was ready , the person transferred it on to a serving plate .
the person took out a head of cauliflower out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife , cutting board and a bowl .
the person cut off the leaves and the bottom stalk .
the person threw the leaves and the bottom stalk away .
the person sliced any remaining stalk .
the person tore apart any remaining stalk from the florets .
the person washed the head .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person let a frying pan heat up .
the person pulled about the cauliflower further .
the person cleaned the cutting board and bowl .
the person took out cream from refrigerator and oil from the cabinet .
the person poured the cream in a bowl and some oil in the frying pan .
the person spiced the cream .
the person mixed the cream , .
the person dipped some of the cauliflower into the sauce .
the person placed some of the cauliflower in the frying pan .
the person poured the rest of the sauce and most of the cauliflower directly in the frying pan .
the person used the cutting board to cover the frying pan .
the person let the mixture cook .
the person cleaned up a bit waiting .
the cauliflower was done , the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person took a head of cauliflower from the fridge .
the person cut the greens from the cauliflower .
the person threw the greens into the garbage bin .
the person cut the bottom off of the cauliflower .
the person placed the bottom into the trash .
the person rinsed the head of cauliflower in the sink .
the person cut around the center .
the person made smaller cauliflower pieces .
the person removed a frying pan from the cupboard .
the person started the stove .
the person cut the cauliflower into even smaller pieces .
the person got a smaller metal bowl .
the person placed the other cauliflower pieces into the larger metal bowl .
the person placed the small stalks into the smaller metal bowl .
the person washed the cutting board and small bowl .
the person dipped the cauliflower into a cream mixture .
the person placed the cauliflower into the oiled pan .
the person cooked the cauliflower .
the person placed the finished cauliflower onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed cauliflower out the fridge .
the person washed the remaining cauliflower using the sink .
the person sliced the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person placed a frying pan onto the stove .
the person sliced the cauliflower into little pieces .
the person placed the small cauliflower pieces into a silver bowl .
the person sliced tiny pieces of cauliflower into a smaller second bowl .
the person tossed the remaining pieces of cauliflower into the garbage .
the person grabbed extra ingredients to cook the cauliflower .
the person placed the cutting board on top of the frying pan .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person placed the cauliflower onto a white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a head of cauliflower out of the refrigerator , .
the person placed the cauliflower on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and bowl from the drawer .
the person trimmed the cauliflower 's outer leaves and stalk , .
the person threw the cauliflower 's outer leaves and stalk in the waste bin .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person cut away the florets from the stalk .
the person threw the stalk away .
the person took a skillet from the drawer beneath the stove , .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person placed the skillet on the stove .
the person separated the florets .
the person trimmed the florets .
the person took another bowl from a drawer .
the person placed the florets in the bowl .
the person placed the trimmings in another bowl .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person rinsed the cutting board and a bowl .
the person put cream in a bowl with some spices .
mixed the cream with some spices with a fork .
the person dipped some florets in the mixture in the bowl .
the person cooked some florets with a little oil in the skillet .
the person added dry florets to the pan .
before the person pour the remainder of the mixture into the pan .
the person covered a pan with the cutting board .
the person stirred the skillet occasionally as the cauliflower cooked .
the person wiped down the counter , .
the person stirred the skillet occasionally as the cauliflower cooked .
the person tested the doneness with a fork , .
the person took the skillet off the stove .
the person tasted the cauliflower .
the person transferred the cauliflower to a serving bowl .
the person got a head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person selected a knife , cutting board and two bowled from a drawer .
the person trimmed the outer leaves .
the person discarded all the waste .
the person cut off the stem from the head .
the person washed the head .
the person cut out the stem core .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer , .
the person turned on the cooktop .
the person put the pan on the burner .
the person continued to break the cauliflower flowerets into smaller sizes .
the person got cream from the refrigerator and two spices from the spice rack .
the person got oil from the cupboard .
the person put a portion of the cream and two spices in the second bowl .
the person poured some oil in the hot pan .
the person stirred the ingredients of the second bowl with a fork .
the person added salt to the mixture .
the person coated the cauliflower pieces in the cream mixture .
the person put the cauliflower pieces in the hot , oiled frying pan .
the person cooked the cauliflower for about five minutes .
the person added the rest of the cauliflower to the pan .
the person poured the remaining cream mixture over top .
the person covered the pan .
the person stirred the cauliflower occasionally .
the person stirred the cauliflower occasionally .
the person turned the cooktop off .
about five minutes , the person removed the pan from the heat .
the person taste tested the cooked cauliflower with a fork .
the person plated the cauliflower .
the person presented the cauliflower for others to taste .
the person used a knife to remove the outer leaves from a head of cauliflower that he found in the refrigerator .
the person flipped his cutting board over .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person used the knife to separate the cauliflower into chunks .
the person turned on the heat .
the person put a large frying pan on the stove .
the person continued to cut the cauliflower into smaller chunks .
the person put the good pieces in a larger bowl and the bad pieces in a small bowl .
the person disposed of the bad chunks .
the person rinsed the small bowl .
the person dried the small bowl .
the person selected a bottle from the refrigerator , olive oil from the cabinet and a seasoning from the spice rack .
the person poured the white liquid from the refrigerator into the small bowl .
the person poured olive oil into the frying pan on the stove .
the person poured the seasoning into his hand .
the person added the seasoning to the small bowl with the white liquid .
the person stirred the mixture .
the person added salt to the mixture .
the person dipped each piece of cauliflower into the mixture until coated .
the person transferred the pieces to the frying pan .
the person could n't find a lid that would fit .
the person put the cutting board over the pan .
periodically stirred the cauliflower the it cooked .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person taste tested the cauliflower .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out cauliflower .
the person set the cauliflower on the counter , .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and bowl .
the person cut the leaves and stem off , .
the person threw the leaves and stem away , .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person started to cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person took out a pan .
the person turned on the stove .
the person continued to cut pieces of cauliflower .
the person took out another bowl , .
the person put the cauliflower pieces in a bowl .
the person put the pieces of cauliflower into both bowled .
the person threw away the pieces from one bowl .
the person washed the bowl and cutting board .
the person took out items from the fridge , pantry , and spice rack .
the person mixed these items in a bowl .
the person dipped the cauliflower in the mixture .
the person put the cauliflower in the pan .
the person covered the pan .
the person put things back in the fridge and pantry .
the person washed the counter .
the person turned off the stove , .
the person tasted the cauliflower , .
the person served the cauliflower .
the person removed cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person washed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person removed a skillet from the drawer .
the person put a skillet on the stove .
the person put the cauliflower in a bowl .
the person took out milk and oil .
the person poured milk into a bowl without the cauliflower .
the person added oil to the skillet .
the person put spices in the bowl with milk .
the person put cauliflower in the mixture .
the person put the cauliflower pieces into the skillet .
the person poured the rest of the mixture into the skillet .
the person covered the skillet with the cutting board .
the person put away the ingredients .
the person put the cooked cauliflower on a plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a box out .
the person took a kiwi fruit out of the box .
the person opened the drawer under the prep area .
the person took a knife .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the bowl over the prep area .
the person peeled the skin of kiwi fruit .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces in the plate .
the person removed the wastage from the prep area .
the person threw the wastage in a dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person took the plate in his hand .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a kiwi fruit .
the person opened the drawer to search for the knife .
the person took the knife .
the person closed the drawer .
the person went to the shelf .
the person opened the door .
there the person took a small white plate .
the person went near the sink .
the person peeled off the skin of the fruit .
the person cut the fruit into pieces .
the person kept the fruit pieces in the plate .
the person removed the skin .
the person put the skin in the waste box .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
at last the person took the plate with fruit pieces in his hand .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person peeled the skin from the outside of the kiwi .
the person put the kiwi in the bowl .
the person thinly sliced the kiwi into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person took a bag of kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person selected one kiwi fruit .
the person put the bag of fruit away .
the person walked to the drawer .
from the drawer the person got a knife .
the person turned the herself .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
at the sink , the person began peeling the kiwi fruit with the knife .
the person sliced the kiwi fruit on the plate .
the person picked up the peelings .
the person threw the peelings in the garbage .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person picked up the plate .
the person got a bunch of kiwis out of the refrigerator .
the person took one kiwi from the bunch .
the person got a knife out of a drawer and a bowl out of the cupboard .
the person cut the skin off of the kiwi with the knife .
the person sliced the kiwi into pieces in the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got a kiwi from a refrigerator .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person skinned the kiwi over a sink .
the person sliced the kiwi on the plate .
the person tossed the kiwi skin in a trash can .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person got some kiwi fruit from the fridge .
the person got a knife and a small plate .
the person peeled the kiwi fruit over the sink .
the person left the peels near the sink .
the person put the peeled kiwi fruit on the small plate .
the person cut the kiwi fruit into slices .
the person discarded some waste into the trash , including the peels .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a box out .
the person took a kiwi fruit out of the box .
the person opened the drawer under the prep area .
the person took a knife .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person kept the plate over the prep area .
the person peeled the skin of kiwi fruit .
the person placed the fruit on the plate .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces .
the person removed all the wastes .
the person threw the wastes in a dust bin .
the person washed his hands .
the person took the plate in his hand .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed kiwi fruit out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a small white plate out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the kiwi fruit using the knife .
the person sliced the kiwi fruit on the white plate .
the person tossed the skins into the garbage .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person got a dish from the cabinet .
the person placed a dish on the counter with the knife .
the person peeled the kiwi fruit .
the person sliced the kiwi fruit on the dish .
the person threw the peeling into the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a kiwi , knife and plate .
the person cut the skin off of the kiwi with the knife , .
the person put the peels on the counter .
the person sliced the kiwi on the plate , .
the person threw away the peels .
the person washed his hands .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed one kiwi from the cartoon .
the person placed the rest back in the fridge .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person peeled the kiwi with the knife over the sink .
the person sliced the kiwi on the plate .
the person placed the knife in the sink .
the person removed the kiwi skin from the sink .
the person placed the kiwi skin in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a container from the fridge .
the person picked out a kiwi fruit .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person put a knife on the counter .
the person removed a small plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the kiwi fruit over the sink .
the person sliced the peeled fruit on the plate .
the person put the knife in the sink .
the person threw the fruit peel into the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person picked up the plate with the fruit on the plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a box out .
the person took a kiwi fruit out of the box .
the person opened the drawer under the prep area .
the person took a knife .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the plate over the prep area .
the person peeled the skin of kiwi fruit .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces in the plate .
the person removed the wastage from the prep area .
the person threw the wastage in a dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person took the plate in his hand .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi fruit from the fridge .
the person got a knife from the drawer and a bowl from the pantry .
the person used the knife to remove the skin from the kiwi fruit over the sink .
the person cut the kiwi fruit into quarters into the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a refrigerator door .
the person took out some kiwi fruit .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person pulled out a knife from the drawer .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person sliced the skin off of the kiwi over the sink .
the person placed the kiwi on the plate .
the person cut the kiwi into small pieces .
the person threw the skins in the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a box out .
the person took a kiwi fruit out of the box .
the person opened the drawer under the prep area .
the person took a knife .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person kept the plate over the prep area .
the person peeled the skin of kiwi fruit .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces in the plate .
the person removed the wastage from the prep area .
the person threw the wastage in a dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person took the plate in his hand .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up the refrigerator .
the person removed a kiwi .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi on the plate .
the person removed a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person also removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the kiwi with the knife .
the person sliced the kiwi into several pieces .
the person placed the pieces on that plate .
the person threw the kiwi skin in the garbage .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a box out .
the person took a kiwi fruit out of the box .
the person opened the drawer under the prep area .
the person took a knife .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the plate on the prep area .
the person peeled the skin of kiwi fruit .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces in the plate .
the person removed the wastage from the prep area .
the person threw the wastage in a dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person took the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a potato .
the person also took out a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the skin off of the potato .
once the person peeled the potato , .
the person washed the potato .
the person threw out the skins .
the person took out another knife .
the person cut the potato into eighths .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a potato from the cabinet .
the person placed a potato on the counter .
the person got out a cutting board and a potato peeler .
the person peeled the potato .
the person washed the potato .
the person placed the potato in the sink .
the person cleared the cutting board off into the trash .
the person took the potato out of the sink .
the person placed the potato back on the cutting board .
the person got out a sharp knife .
the person cut the potato in half .
the person cut each potato half in half again , and the halves into quarters .
the person arrived in the kitchen .
the person removed a potato from a cabinet .
the person put the potato on the counter .
the person put a small board on the counter .
the person stripped off the potato 's skin with a peeler over the board .
the person rinsed the potato in the sink .
the person threw out the peelings .
the person cut the potato into four lengthwise segments .
the person further cut each segment in half .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a potato out of the pantry .
the person got a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the potato .
the person rinsed the potato in the sink .
the person threw the potato shavings in the garbage .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the potato in half lengthwise .
the person cut each potato half in half lengthwise again .
the person cut each piece in half crosswise .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered in the kitchen room .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a potato .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person placed a cutting board on the prep area .
the person peeled the skin of potato with a knife .
the person washed the potato well .
the person disposed the skin in a dustbin .
the person took the potato from the wash basin .
the person cut the potato into four pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a potato out the cabinet .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person peeled the potato using a knife .
the person tossed the potato skins into the garbage .
the person sliced the potato into small pieces .
the person took out a potato .
the person took out a cutting board and a peeler .
the person peeled the skin off the potato thoroughly .
the person washed the potato .
the person threw the peels away .
the person cut the potato vertically , along the length of the potato , into two .
the person took one half of the potato .
the person cut one half through the center , once vertically and once horizontally .
the person repeated the cutting procedure with the other potato half .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a potato from a cupboard .
the person grabbed a cutting board and potato peeler from a drawer .
the person began to peel the potato with the potato peeler .
the person continued to peel the potato .
the person rinsed the peeled potato in the sink .
the person threw away the potato peel .
the person placed the potato back on the cutting board .
the person cut the potato into cubes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a potato .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the potato with the knife .
the person washed the peeled potato in the sink .
the person disposed of the potato skin .
the person cut the potato in half .
the person cut the potato in half again .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a potato from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and peeler from under the counter .
the person peeled the potato over the cutting board .
the person rinsed the potato .
the person threw away the skins .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the potato into quarters .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a potato .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the prep area .
the person peeled the skin of potato with a knife .
the person washed the potato .
the person transferred the waste into a dustbin .
the person cut the potato into half and into eight pieces further .
the person got a potato from a cabinet .
the person got small cutting board and a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the potato with the vegetable peeler .
the person rinsed the potato in a sink .
the person dumped the peels in a trash can .
the person got a small knife from a drawer .
the person cut the potato into small chunks .
the person got out a potato from the cupboard .
the person placed the potato on the counter .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person got out a potato peeler .
the person peeled the potato .
the person rinsed the potato .
the person threw the peelings in the trash .
the person sliced the potato .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person took out a potato .
the person placed a potato on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person took the knife .
the person began to peel the potato .
the person was done , he rinsed the potato .
the person took the peels .
the person put the peels into the garbage .
the person placed the potato back onto the cutting board .
the person cut the potato into smaller pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a potato from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and peeler .
the person peeled the potato .
the person washed the potato .
the person cut the potato into pieces .
the person removed a potato from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the potato .
the person rinsed the potato in the sink .
the person threw the peels in the garbage .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the potato in eight pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a potato from a pantry .
the person proceeded to retrieve a chopping board from the sink cabinet .
the person retrieved a knife from the kitchen counter drawer .
the person proceeded to peel the potato very carefully .
the person was done , he washed the potato in the sink .
the person placed the potato on the sink .
the person moved on to discard the potato peeled into the trash compactor .
the person transferred the potato untoed the chopping board .
the person split the potato into half .
quarter slices .
the person got a potato out of the pantry .
the person got a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife out of the other .
the person peeled the potato with the knife .
the person rinsed the peeled potato in the sink .
the person threw the potato skins in the garbage .
the person took another knife out of a drawer .
the person sliced the potato into several pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took one potato from the cupboard .
the person removed a cutting board and a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the potato .
the person rinsed the potato in the sink .
the person threw the skins into the garbage bin .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the potato into smaller pieces .
the person took a potato from the fridge .
the person placed the potato on the counter .
the person took out a board and a knife .
the person peeled the potato .
the person washed the potato .
the person disposed of the peelings .
the person sliced the potato .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed some ginger .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person washed some ginger .
the person opened a drawer .
the person withdrew a cutting board .
the person opened another draw .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the ginger into small pieces .
the person finished cutting the ginger , he drew a sigh of relief .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went over to the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed some ginger .
the person took the ginger .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person turned the sink on .
the person rinsed the ginger , .
the person turned the sink off .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person placed the cutting board on the table .
the person placed the ginger on the cutting board .
the person closed the drawer .
the person sliced the ginger .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a small ginger from the pantry .
the person rinsed off the ginger .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the entire ginger .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a piece of ginger root from the cabinet .
the person set out a cutting board he took from the drawer .
the person placed the ginger on a cutting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the ginger in thin wafers .
the person placed the knife on the board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a ginger out of the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person put the ginger on the cutting board .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the ginger into rounds .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a small ginger from the pantry .
the person proceeded to briskly wash the ginger , .
the person rinsed the ginger off with several shook .
the person retrieved a cutting board from the counter drawer .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person set the ginger atop the cutting board .
the person proceeded to cut the ginger into many thin slices .
the person cut the ginger , he rest the knife on the counter .
the person smiled at something off scene , ending the video .
the person opened the pantry door .
the person took a knob of ginger out of the pantry .
the person rinsed the ginger off in the sink .
the person took a small wooden cutting board out from under the counter , .
the person placed the ginger on top .
the person took a knife out from the drawer under the counter .
the person sliced the ginger into many thin slices .
the person put the knife down on the cutting board .
the person put his hands on the counter top .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a small ginger out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed a small ginger off in the sink .
the person took out a small wooden cutting board and a knife from the drawers under the counter .
the person placed a small ginger on the counter .
the person used the knife , he sliced the ginger into very thin slices .
the person walked in .
the person retrieved a small ginger from the cabinet .
the person went over to the sink .
the person washed a small ginger .
the person took out a rectangle cutting board and a small knife .
the person finely sliced the ginger , .
the person sliced with his right hand moving each slice away with a finger from his left hand .
the person put the knife down .
the person entered the room .
the person opened a closet .
the person took a ginger .
the person washed the ginger in the sink .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took a trencher .
the person put the ginger on the trencher .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took a knife .
the person cut the ginger in very thin slices .
the person walked to the pantry .
the person retrieved a ginger .
the person set a ginger on a cutting board on the counter .
the person pulled a knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the ginger very thinly .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a cupboard .
the person moved a few items around , .
the person picked one item up .
the person closed the cupboard .
the person walked across the kitchen .
the person washed the item .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person closed the drawer .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person used the knife to slice the item into small even slices , .
the person sliced with his right hand moving each slice away with a finger from his left hand .
the person was done he set the knife down on the top of the cutting board , .
the person put his hands down on the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a ginger and cutting board .
the person put the ginger onto the cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the ginger into fine slices .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet to get out ginger .
the person washed the ginger .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife .
the person held the ginger .
the person sliced the ginger on the cutting board .
the person finished , he had set down the knife on the board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a small vegetable from the cabinet .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a knife from the a drawer .
the person chopped the item with the knife .
the person finished he looked up from the cutting board .
the person selected a piece of fruit .
the person washed the fruit .
the person got a plate .
the person selected a knife .
the person chopped the fruit into pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person moved to the pantry .
the person opened the pantry .
the person retrieved a ginger root .
the person had washed the ginger , .
the person retrieved a chopping board and knife from a kitchen drawer .
the person placed the chopping board on the kitchen counter .
the person used the knife to meticulously slice up the ginger root .
once the person was done , he paused , .
the person got a ginger from a cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the ginger into slices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a piece of produce root from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the produce at the sink .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife from under the cabinet .
the person placed the produce on the cutting board .
the person sliced the produce with the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out broccoli .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person set the pot to boil .
the person added salt .
the person put the broccoli into the boiling water .
the person cleaned the counter and cutting board .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person took out a strainer and plate .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person put the cooked broccoli onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retreaved a stock of choped brocali and a cutting board/knife .
the person useeed the knife to reduce the brocali to half dollar size pieces .
the person took a pot .
the person added about two inchs of water and a few tsp 's of salt .
the person increased heat .
the person placed a lid .
once the water was to temp the person added the brocalli .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person stirred the brocalli ocasionally .
the person waited for five mins .
the person retreaved a plate , and collender .
the person placed the collender in the sink .
the person strains/rinsed the brocalli .
the person placeeed the broccoli on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a bunch of broccoli .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person separated the broccoli florets .
the person threw away the stalks .
the person got a pot from the cabinet .
the person added some water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added salt .
the person covered the pot .
the person added the broccoli to the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person put the knife back in the drawer .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back in the cabinet .
the person waited the broccoli boiled .
the person got a plate and colander from the cupboard .
enough time the person emptied the pot into the colander .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a chopping board and knife from a drawer .
the person placed a chopping board on the counter .
the person placed a large bunch of broccoli from the refrigerator on the board .
the person cut the broccoli bunch into around eight separate pieces .
the person cut off the stem area .
the person discarded the stem area .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person added salt to the pot of water .
the person placed the cover back on the pot .
the person waited for the water in the pot to heat up .
the person placed the broccoli into the pot .
the person placed the cover back on the pot .
the person cleaned the knife and the chopping board .
the person put the knife and the chopping board away .
the person checked the broccoli from time to time with a fork to see how tender the broccoli was .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person tidied up the kitchen sink .
the broccoli was cooked the person used a metal strainer to drain the water from the broccoli .
the person rinsed the cooked broccoli .
the person placed the cooked broccoli on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board out the drawer .
the person grabbed broccoli out the fridge .
the person sliced the broccoli into little pieces .
the person tossed the leftover broccoli into the garbage .
the person grabbed a pot and lid out of the drawer .
the person poured water into the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person poured salt into the pot of water .
the person placed the broccoli into the pot of boiling water .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person grabbed a white plate out the cabinet .
the person grabbed a silver strainer out the drawer .
the person poured the pot of broccoli and water into the strainer .
the person placed the cooked broccoli onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
from the fridge the person got a head of broccoli .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person threw away a bad piece of broccoli .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added seasoning to the water .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person waited .
the person threw away some scraps of broccolid .
the person put away the seasoning .
the person added the broccoli to the pot .
the person set a fork out .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting boar .
the person put the knife and cutting boar away .
the person tested the broccoli with the fork a few times .
the person waited .
the person got a plate from the cabinet and a colander from under the counter .
the person poured the contents of the pot into the colander .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person poured the cooked broccoli onto the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from two separate drawers and a head of broccoli from the fridge .
the person cut the broccoli into florets .
the person threw away the stem .
the person took a pot and lid out of the drawer .
put water in the pot .
the person set the pot on the stove top .
the person turned the stove on .
before the person got salt from the spice rack .
the person salted the water .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person waited for the water to boil , .
the person was waiting .
the person cleaned up the cutting board by hand .
the person threw the crumbs in the garbage .
the person placed the salt back on the spice rack .
the person returned to check on the pot and the heat with his hand .
the person stood back .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person removed the lid , .
the person put the broccoli in by hand .
the person put the lid back on the pot .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person got a fork out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the knife , .
the person dried the cutting board and the knife with the towel , .
the person put away the cutting board and the knife .
the person lifted the lid .
the broccoli was n't the person put the lid back on the pot , .
the person stood .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person waited .
the person checked the broccoli every now and .
the person rung out the rag and the sponge , .
the person dried his hands .
the person hung up the towel .
the person checked the broccoli a couple more times and his phone .
the person adjusted the heat a few times , .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet and the strainer out of the drawer .
the person continued to wait .
check on the broccoli and his phone .
the person checked the broccoli again .
the person used the towel to wipe up the water that spilled .
the person hung the towel back up .
the person checked his phone .
the person shut the stove off , .
the person removed the lid from the pot and the pot from the stove .
the person placed the strainer in the sink .
the person strained the broccoli , .
the person set the pot aside , .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person served the broccoli on the plate .
the person got out a chopping board .
the person placed a chopping board on the counter .
the person fetched a small head of broccoli from the fridge .
with a knife the person cut off the small flowerets from the main stem .
the person discarded the stem .
the person got out a saucepan .
the person filled a saucepan with water .
the person placed a saucepan on the stove .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person seasoned the water with salt .
the water was hot the person added the broccoli .
the person cleaned the knife and chopping board , .
the person dried the knife and chopping board .
the person put away the knife and chopping board .
the person tested the broccoli with a fork several times .
eventaully the person fetched a plate , .
the person looked for a means of draining the broccoli , finding the colendar .
the person judged the broccoli was cooked , .
the person drained off the water .
the person dished the broccoli up on the plate .
the person walked into the room .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a piece of broccoli .
the person placed a piece of broccoli on the cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person used a knife to slice the broccoli into small pieces .
the person discarded the unwanted parts .
the person took out a pot , .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person started turned the stove on .
the person added salt to the water in the pan .
the person put the cover of the pot on .
the person waited for the pot of water to warm up .
the person discarded more unwanted pieces of the broccoli .
the water was warm enough the person put the broccoli in .
the person covered up the pot .
the person washed the knife and the cutting board .
the person dried off the knife and the cutting board .
the person put the knife and the cutting board away .
the pot boiled the person used a fork to check if the broccoli was cooked well enough .
the person also took out a plate and strainer .
the person set a plate and strainer on the counter .
the person took off the pot cover .
the broccoli finished cooking the person placed the pot on the plate .
the person placed the strainer in the faucet , .
the person emptied the water and broccoli into the faucet sink .
the person rinsed the broccoli in the strainer with water .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person placed a piece of broccoli on a cutting board .
the person chopped the broccoli .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on a stove .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person let the contents boil .
the person water for the broccoli to finish boiling .
the person cleaned up .
the person added the broccoli to the pot .
the person water for the broccoli to finish boiling .
the person placed the broccoli in a strainer .
the person drained off the excess water .
the person put the cooked broccoli on a plate .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person got a small knife from a drawer .
the person cut the florets off the broccoli .
the person got a pot from a drawer .
put water in a pot .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person added salt to a pot .
the person added the broccoli to the water .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the knife in the sink .
the person got a plate and a strainer from a drawer .
the person put the strainer in the sink .
the person poured the pot into the strainer .
the person rinsed the broccoli in the sink .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got out the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person got out a knife .
the person chopped the broccoli .
the person put the cut pieces to the side .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person got a pot from under the stove .
put water in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got some seasoning .
the person put some seasoning in the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person cleaned up the area .
the person put the broccoli in the pot with hot water .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person got a cutting board out , .
the person got some broccoli out of the fridge .
the person set the broccoli on the cutting board , .
the person cut the broccoli up , .
the person discarded the stem .
the person got a sauce pan out , .
the person filled a sauce pan with water , .
the person set a sauce pan on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person salted the water , .
the person put on the lid .
the person discarded a little refuse from the cutting board , .
the person put away the salt .
the person added the broccoli .
the person put the lid back on the pot .
the person got out a fork , .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person dried the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person used the fork to stir the broccoli , .
the person put the lid back on .
the person set the fork to the stove .
the person brushed off the counter with his hands , .
the person wiped his hands with the towel .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person readjusted the pan .
the person dried his hands , .
hung the towel back on the hook , .
the person checked the broccoli again .
the person adjusted the stove , .
the person checked his phone briefly , .
the person checked the broccoli , .
the person got a plate out .
the person got out a colander .
the person put a colander by the sink , .
the person checked the broccoli again , .
the person checked his phone again .
the person adjusted the stove .
the person checked the broccoli again , .
the person wiped some water off the stove with the towel , .
the person hung the towel back up .
the person checked his phone again , .
the person turned off the stove , .
the person removed the pan from the stove .
the person drained the broccoli in the colander in the sink .
the person shook the colander , .
ran some water over the broccoli , .
the person shook the colander more .
before the person dumped the broccoli on the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out broccoli .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person got a pot .
put water in a pot .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put salt in the water .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person put the broccoli in the pot .
the person washed the utensils .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person stirred the pot .
the person got a plate and a strainer .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a chopping board .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a cauliflower bunch .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the cauliflower into chunks .
the person discarded the stem .
which the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a pot with lid .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person lit the stove .
the person generously sprinkled some salt into the pot .
the person discarded the vegetable crumbs from the chopping board .
the person put the salt away .
the person transferred the vegetables to the pot .
which the person took out a fork from a drawer .
the person placed a fork on the counter .
the person washed the knife with a dishcloth , .
the person dried the knife with another dishcloth .
the person proceeded to wash the chopping board .
the person wiped the chopping board dry .
the person placed the chopping board in a cabinet .
the person opened a pantry .
the person took out a plate .
the person rummaged through a cabinet .
the person took out a colander .
the vegetables had boiled for a , the person placed the colander in the sink .
the person emptied the contents of the pot into the colander .
the person rinsed the contents in the sink .
the person transferred the vegetables unto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person chopped the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person discarded the stem in the garbage compactor .
the person added water to a pot .
the person placed a pot on the stove top .
the person took salt from the spice rack on the counter .
the person added the salt to the pot of water .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the water was hot , the person added the broccoli .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person placed the knife back in the drawer .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person tested the broccoli with a fork .
the person waited the broccoli cooked .
the person tested the broccoli again with a fork .
the broccoli was ready , the person strained the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli in a colander .
the person added the broccoli to a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
prepared his work area .
the person retrieved the broccoli , .
the person obtained a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pan on the stove .
the person salted the water .
the person waited for the water to heat up .
the person added the broccoli to the pot of water .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person tested the broccoli with a fork several times .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person cleaned his work space .
the person checked his phone .
the person retrieved a plate and a colander .
the person adjusted the stove .
the person checked his phone .
the person drained the broccoli in the colander , .
the person plated the cooked broccoli .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person got broccoli from the fridge .
the person started cutting sections of the broccoli with a knife .
the person put a section of the broccoli off to the side .
the person threw a section of the broccoli away .
the person got a pot from the lower cabinet .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the water pot on the stove .
the person put some seasoning in the water .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person waited for the water to heat .
the person waited intently for the water to heat up .
the person got rid of some parts of the broccoli .
the person put the seasoning back in the seasoning place .
before putting the broccoli into the water .
the person put fork or spoon on the counter .
the person tidied up .
the person stirred the broccoli in the pot with the fork or spoon .
the person waited some more .
the person poked the broccoli with the fork or spoon , .
the person tested the broccoli periodically .
the person waited .
the person tried to remove a smudge from the stove .
the person checked his phone .
before emptying the water and broccoli into a strainer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person brought some broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the broccoli into florets .
the person discarded the stalk into the waste bin .
the person took a pot and lid from under the stove .
put water in the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person added salt .
the person added the broccoli to the pot of water .
the person took a fork from the drawer .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink , .
the person dried the knife .
the person put the knife back in the drawer .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person wiped the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board with a towel .
the person checked the tenderness of the broccoli with the fork several times .
the person looked at his phone .
the person placed his phone back in his pocket .
the person took a plate from the cabinet and colander from the drawer .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person drained the broccoli in the colander .
the person rinsed the broccoli in the sink .
the person placed the florets on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person walked over the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a head of broccoli .
the person sliced the broccoli .
the person pulled out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove top .
the person turned the stove on .
the person seasoned the water .
the person checked on the water .
the person placed the broccoli into the pot .
the person rinsed off the knife and cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person checked the broccoli .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person pulled out a strainer .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an avocado .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin off half the avocado .
the person peeled the other half .
the person cut the avocado into fourths .
the person removed the avocado seed .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut the avocado into thinner slices .
the person disposed of the avocado peel .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got an avocado .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the skin and pit away .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut the avocado into strips .
the person opened the drawer below the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took an avocado out of the fridge .
the person cut the avocado in half , .
the person twisted the avocado apart .
the person tried to remove the pit with his fingers , failed .
the person removed the skin from one half with his fingers , .
the person removed the skin from the other half .
the person sliced the half with the pit in half again , .
the person removed the pit with his hands .
the person threw the pit in the trash , .
the person washed his hands off .
the person cut a few bits of leftover skin off the pieces .
the person cut all the pieces of avocado into slices .
the person scraped the small bits of skin into the trashcan .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person closed the drawer .
the person pulled out an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person tossed the peels in the trash can .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person sliced the avocado more .
the person tossed the rest of the scraps into the trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board out of the cabinet .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got an avocado .
the person cut the avocado lengthwise down the middle .
the person separated the avocado halves .
the person peeled the skin off of one half of the avocado .
the person peeled the skin off of the other half .
the person removed the pit from one of the halves .
the person discarded the avocado skin and pit .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the avocado halved into slices .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person opened another drawer , .
the person took out a knife , .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person took out an avocado .
the person placed the avocado on the cutting board .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin off of the avocado halves .
the person cut one of the avocado halves in half .
the person discarded the seed and skins .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a rag .
the person sliced the avocado halved into thin pieces , .
the person discarded the scraps .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a avocado from a refrigerator .
the person cut the avocado around the seed .
the person twisted the avocado .
the person separated the half 's .
the person peeled the avocado skin off with his hands .
the person pulled the seed out with his hands .
the person put the skin in the trash can .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person cut off remaining skin .
the person cut the avocados in half length wise .
the person put the skin in the trash can .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went into the refrigerator .
the person took out the avocado .
the person cut around the avocado lengthwise .
the person peeled off the first half and the second half .
the person cut the half with the pit again lengthwise .
the person extracted the pit .
the person threw away the peels and the pit .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person removed two small pieces of peel .
the person cut the whole avocado in lengthwise strips .
the person threw two small pieces of peel out .
the person returned the cutting board to the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled out an avocado .
the person placed the avocado on the cutting board .
the person began to cut the avocado in half around the seed .
the person pulled the avocado apart .
the person started to cut into the skin .
the person peeled the skin from that half .
the person pulled the skin from the other half .
the person cut into the half of the avocado .
the person removed the seed .
the person threw away the skin and the seed .
the person proceeded to cut the pieces of avocado into smaller portions .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a pad and knife from drawer .
the person also took one avocado from refrigerator .
the person made one avocado into two pieces .
the person removed skin from avocado pieces .
the the person removed nut in avocado .
the person thrown waste in drawer .
the person cleaned his hands with water .
the person made avocado into small pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person grabbed a avocado out the fridge .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin off the avocado .
the person tossed the avocado skin into the garbage .
the person sliced the avocado into little pieces .
the person tossed the scraps into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin off the two halves .
the person threw the skin and pit away .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person sliced the avocado into long strips .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin off of the avocado .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut the avocado into many slices .
the person threw away the scrap pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person brought an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person used the knife and his fingers to remove the skin .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit and skin into the waste bin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person trimmed the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person put trimmings into the waste bin .
the person took out a cutting board and a medium-sized knife .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person cut an avocado in half , vertically .
the person did this by cutting all around the surface of the avocado , avoiding the center because of the seed .
the person pulled the avocado open into the two halves .
the person peeled the skin off the other half by hand .
the person again tried pulling the seed out could not .
so the person peeled a bit of skin off the top of the avocado with the knife .
the person pulled out the rest of the skin by hand .
the person laid the avocado face down .
the person made a vertical slit into the avocado , up to the seed .
the person pulled the two halves apart .
the person pulled the seed out .
the person made around four vertical cut into the half avocado .
thus the person had cut up the entire avocado into long , thin strips .
into each of the quarter pieces , the person made two vertical cut .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife out of another drawer .
the person cut the avocado around the pit .
the person peeled the skin off of the avocado halves .
the person cut one of the halves in half .
the person pulled the pit out .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person sliced the avocado into smaller sections .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person drew a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person placed an avocado on the cutting board .
the person cut an avocado in half with the knife .
the person peeled away the outer skin from one half of the avocado .
the person attempted to remove the core from the second half by hand .
the person removed the skin from the outside of this half .
the person successfully removed the core from this half with the help of the knife .
the person threw away the skin and core .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut the avocado into slices length-wise .
the person discarded some scraps of avocado .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and avocado .
the person cut lengthwise around the avocado .
the person separated the avocado into two halves .
the person removed the skin from both halves .
the person cut the side with the pit in half , .
the person cut both halves into small slices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person grabbed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person sliced an avocado vertically around the seed .
the person removed the skin of half of the avocado with his hands .
the person grabbed the second half .
the person removed the skin with his hands .
the person cut the second avocado half in halves .
the person removed the seed .
the person threw the avocado seed and skin in the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut all the avocado pieces into slices .
the person threw any remaining skin in the trash .
the person took out a small cutting board and knife .
the person placed a small cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took an avocado out of the fridge .
the person cut an avocado in half with the knife .
the person used the knife and his hands and peeled the skin off the avocado .
the person took the core out .
the person threw the core and skin into the garbage .
the person cut the avocado into smaller pieces .
the person threw the unwanted pieces not he cutting board into the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person removed the wrapping .
the person sat the bread down on the cutting board .
the person took the knife .
the person cut off a couple of slices .
the person returned the rest of the bread to the wrapper .
the person put the bread in the refrigerator .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got he plate .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person arranged the bread on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person cleaned the crumbs from the counter .
the person put the crumbs in the trash .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got some bread from the refrigerator .
the person cut two slices from the bread .
the person placed the rest of the bread back in the refrigerator .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the bread on a plate .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person returned the knife to the drawer .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
and returned the cutting board to the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife out from a drawer .
from the refrigerator , the person got a loaf of bread in plastic .
the person opened the loaf .
the person placed the loaf on the cutting board .
the person began to slice the bread with the knife .
the person cut off two pieces of bread .
the person cut off two pieces of bread .
the person put the loaf in the refrigerator .
from another cabinet the person got a plate .
the person carried the plate to the counter .
the person put the slices of bread on the plate .
the person washed the knife in the sink .
the person dried the knife .
the person put the knife back in the drawer .
the person emptied the crumbs from the cutting board into the garbage .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person stepped back from the plate , .
the person finished .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and a sharp knife .
the person walked to the fridge .
the person opened the crisper drawer .
the person took out a half of loaf of bread .
the person walked back to the counter .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut off two slices from the bread .
the person placed two slices on top of each other .
the person put the bread back into the bread wrapper .
the person walked back to the fridge .
the person put the bread away .
the person opened another cabinet .
the person took out a dish .
the person placed the two slices of bread on a dish .
the person wiped of the knife with his fingers and a sponge to clean the knife .
the person placed the knife back into the draw .
the person took the cutting board .
the person cleaned up the crumbs from the bread .
the person threw the crumbs away .
the person wiped the cutting board down .
the person took the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back into the draw .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife out of another drawer .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person took the bread out of the bag .
the person cut two slices from the bread .
the person put the bread back in the bag .
the person put the bread back in the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out of the pantry .
the person put the sliced bread on a plate .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person dried the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a bread knife from a drawer .
the person took a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to slice two slices from the loaf .
the person returned the bread to the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a plate from a cupboard .
the person placed the two pieces of sliced bread on the plate .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person returned the knife to its drawer .
the person wiped off the counter .
the person disposed of the crumbs on the cutting board .
the person returned the cutting board to the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the kitchen drawer .
the person took out a piece of loaf of bread in a bag from the fridge .
the person took that loaf out of the bag .
the person cut two slices from the loaf .
the person put the loaf back in the back .
back into the fridge .
the person took out a small plate .
the person placed the slices of bread on a small plate .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person threw away the bread crumbs from the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a bread knife from the drawer .
the person brought a package for bread from the refrigerator .
the person cut two sliced of bread from the loaf .
the person put the package back into the refrigerator .
the person put two sliced of bread on a plate .
the person rinsed the knife , .
the person dried the knife .
the person put the knife back into the drawer .
the person cleaned up the crumbs .
the person wiped the crumbs from the cutting board into the waste bin .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person placed the board and knife on the counter .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took bread out .
the person took the bread from the bread wrapper .
the person sliced the bread and removed two slices .
the person put the bread back into the bread wrapper .
the person put the bread back into the refrigerator .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and loaf of bread .
the person sliced two pieces of bread from the loaf , .
the person put the bread back in the refrigerator .
the person took out a plate .
the person arranged the slices on a plate .
the person washed the knife .
the person threw the crumbs away in the trash .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person removed the bread from it was the bread 's wrapper .
the person placed the loaf onto the cutting board .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person placed the rest of the loaf back into the wrapper .
the person put the bread loaf back into the refrigerator .
the person placed the bread slices onto a plate .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person put away the knife and cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person selected a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the board .
the person took bread out of the refrigerator .
the person removed the bread from the plastic bag .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person returned the bread to the bag .
the person put the bag in the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person washed the knife .
the person replaced the knife in the drawer .
the person swept up the crumbs .
the person threw the crumbs away .
the person replaced the cutting board in the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board from storage .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person sliced off two slices from the loaf , .
the person put the remaining back into the refrigerator .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the two slices of meatloaf on the plate .
the person rinsed off the knife he used .
the person put the knife back into the drawer .
the person dusted off the cutting board .
the person placed that back into storage also .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person selected a knife from the drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person set aside the wrapper .
the person cut two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person put the loaf back in the wrapper .
the person put the loaf back in the refrigerator .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a small plate .
the person put the bread slices on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person put the knife back .
the person swept the crumbs into the garbage .
the person put away the cutting board .
the person abruptly entered the kitchen .
the person quickly opened a drawer .
the person selected out of a drawer both a knife , and a cutting board .
the person walked over to the fridge .
the person opened the door .
the person opened the crisper drawer .
the person selected out of the crisper drawer a small loaf of bread in a bag .
the person brought the loaf of bread over to the counter top where the cutting board and knife were .
the person set down the loaf on the cutting board , .
the person picked up the knife .
the person sliced off two slices , one the other .
the person put the loaf back in the bag , .
the person set the loaf in the fridge .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a saucer .
the person set the saucer down on the counter , .
the person put his two slice of bread on the saucer .
the person washed off the knife in the sink with a sponge , and water .
the person dried the knife off .
the person put the knife back in the drawer .
the person wiped off the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person placed the rest of the loaf back in the refrigerator .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the two slices of bread on that plate .
the person washed the knife in the sink .
the person put the knife in the drawer .
the person threw the crumbs in the garbage .
the person put the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut off two slices of bread .
the person put the extra bread back into the refrigerator .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the slices of bread onto the plate .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person chose a bread knife and large cutting board from the kitchen cabinets .
the person put a bread knife and large cutting board on the counter .
the person found the partial loaf of bread in the refrigerator .
the person took the partial loaf of bread out the the wrapper , .
the person placed the loaf on the cutting board .
the person sawed two slices from the loaf .
the person found a small plate .
on which the person arranged the two slices in a staggered manner .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person replaced the knife .
the person brushed the crumbs from the counter onto the cutting board .
the person emptied the crumbs into trash .
the person replaced the board in the cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a loaf of bread .
the person sliced two pieces from a loaf of bread .
the person put the rest of the loaf back in the fridge .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the slices of bread on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person threw away the crumbs on the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from drawers .
the person put a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person removed a package of bread from the refrigerator .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut off two pieces .
the person wrapped the bread back up .
the person put the bread in the refrigerator .
the person put two pieces on a saucer he took from the cabinet .
the person washed off the knife .
the person put the knife back in the drawer .
the person wiped the crumbs from the counter onto the cutting board .
the person dumped the crumbs in the garbage .
the person put the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took squeezer from the drawer .
the person kept the squeezer on the kitchen platform .
the person went towards the wooden cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person kept a plate on the kitchen platform .
again went towards the other cabinet .
the person took out garlic .
the person kept the garlic on the kitchen platform .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person kept a knife on the plate .
the person again went towards the cabinet .
the person took a bowl .
the person kept a bowl on the kitchen platform .
the person used knife , he separated cloves of garlic .
the person peeled the garlic clove one by one .
the person kept the garlic clove in plate .
the person used squeezer he squeezed cloves .
the person collected the juice in the plate .
the person took a spoon from the drawer , .
the person removed the garlic mesh from the squeezer .
the person took a garlic press out of the drawer .
the person took a plate and garlic out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a smaller plate out of the cabinet .
the person chopped the garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person put cloves of garlic into the garlic press .
the person pressed the cloves of garlic out onto the plate .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
the person cleaned the garlic press .
the person took out a garlic crusher and a plate .
the person took a pod of garlic out of the shelf .
the person also took out a thin , sharp knife and a small plate .
the person broke up the garlic with his hands .
separated three cloves .
the person peeled each one of three cloves with the knife .
the person inserted each clove of garlic separately into the garlic crusher 's compartment .
the person crushed the clove of garlic .
the person gathered all the crushed garlic onto one place on the plate .
the person did the same with the other two cloves .
the person scooped bits of crushed garlic out of the crusher .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a garlic press out of the drawer .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a garlic head out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a small plate out of the cabinet .
the person broke off some cloves of garlic .
the person peeled some cloves of garlic .
the person pressed the garlic cloves in the garlic press .
the person took a spoon out of the drawer .
the person used the spoon to scrape the garlic out of the press .
the person took out a garlic press .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out garlic .
the person took out a knife .
the person took out a second plate .
the person cut the garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person pressed the garlic .
the person came in .
the person took out a garlic press .
the person retrieved a plate , a knife , and a head of garlic .
the person got a smaller plate , .
the person used the knife to peel the garlic onto a smaller plate .
once the garlic was peeled , the person pushed the garlic through the press .
the person got out a spoon .
the person cleared the remaining garlic from the press .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the kitchen .
the person took garlic press slicer .
the person walked towards cupboard .
the person took plate , .
the person opened the cupboard door .
the person picked out garlic bulb .
the person picked knife from drawer .
the person took small plate from cupboard .
the person separated the clove from garlic bulb .
the person took the garlic clove .
the person removed the root end with knife .
the person removed all skin and waste .
the person picked two more clove .
the person removed the skin and waste .
the person kept the garlic clove in press slicer .
the person pressed the garlic clove harder .
the person took spoon from drawer .
the person pushed the garlic from garlic press slicer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a garlic press from under the counter .
the person moved to the cabinet .
the person retrieved a plate and a head of garlic .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a knife .
the person returned to the cabinet .
the person got another smaller plate .
the person used the knife to try and break the cloves of garlic apart .
the person slowly cleaned a few cloves of garlic .
the person placed a few cloves of garlic on the larger plate .
the person placed the cloves of garlic in the garlic press .
the person ran the cloves of garlic through .
the person finished by getting a spoon from the drawer .
the person cleaned the remaining garlic out of the press .
the person got a nutcracker from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cupboard .
the person followed this , he got a clove of garlic from the pantry .
the person got a knife from the same drawer that he retrieved the nutcracker .
the person got another , smaller plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the garlic on the small plate , .
the person placed the smaller pieces on the small plate .
the person cut the clove with the knife .
the person was done , he placed some of the clove on the big plate .
the person crushed those pieces with the nutcracker .
the person got a spoon from the drawer , .
the person used a spoon to dust off the residue from the nutcracker .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a kitchen utensil .
the person walked to the pantry .
the person took out a plate .
the person set the plate down on the table .
the person grabbed an onion .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person removed a knife .
the person set the knife down on the plate .
the person walked to the pantry .
the person removed another plate .
the person placed the onion on the plate .
the person used a knife .
the person cut up the onion .
the person used the other kitchen utensil on the onion .
the person got a garlic press from a drawer .
the person got whole garlic from a refrigerator .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person put the garlic on a plate .
the person pushed the garlic through the press .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a garlic press , plate , knife , and garlic .
the person took out a smaller plate , .
the person peeled the skin off of a clove , .
the person cut several cloves off of the garlic .
the person placed a clove on the other plate .
the person repeated this with another clove .
the person squeezed each clove with the garlic press .
the person took a spoon .
the person scraped the excess garlic off the press .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a garlic masher .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
from the cabinet , the person took out some garlic .
the person took out a knife and another plate .
the person separated a piece from the bunch .
the person began to peel off the skin with a knife .
the person continued peeling several pieces of garlic .
the person placed several pieces of garlic on a plate .
the person was done , he took the garlic masher .
the person mashed each garlic clove individually .
the person used a fork to scrape the garlic off of the garlic masher .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took the garlic press out of the drawer .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took garlic out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a smaller plate out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic onto the small plate .
the person put the peeled garlic onto the large plate .
the person put the garlic through a garlic press .
the person scraped the garlic out of the press onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a garlic press from the drawer .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
a head of garlic from the pantry .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
another small plate from the cabinet .
the person broke a few cloves of garlic off the head .
the person took the skin off on the small plate .
the person placed the cloves of garlic into the press .
the person squeezed the cloves of garlic through onto the large plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a metal tool .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a separate plate and a clove of garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person placed the garlic in the metal tool .
the person pressed the garlic .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a garlic press .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out plates .
the person went back to the cabinet .
the person took out garlic .
the person peeled the garlic with a knife .
the person cut the garlic .
the person put the peeled the peeled garlic on a plate .
the person put the peeled garlic into the press .
the person pressed the garlic onto the plate .
the person used a spoon to remove the garlic from the press .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a hand garlic press from the drawer under the front counter .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet and some garlic .
the person took knife from the drawer .
the person brought out a small saucer from the cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic with the knife over the small saucer .
the person peeled three cloves .
the person trimmed three cloves .
the person pressed three cloves onto the larger plate .
the person took a spoon from the drawer to remove the garlic stuck to the press .
the person placed the spoon on the plate with the pressed garlic .
the person pushed the plate with the pressed garlic forward .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a utensil and a plate out .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got out garlic .
the person used his knife to get just the cloves out .
the person put the cloves on the plate .
the person used his utensil to crack the garlic clove into smaller pieces on the plate .
the person used another utensil to get all of the cloves out of the first utensil .
the person pushed the plate forward .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed garlic from another cabinet .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person took out a smaller plate .
the person separated the cloves .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person placed the cloves on the larger plate .
the person used a garlic mincer to mince the cloves .
the person opened the fridge .
the person grabbed some herbs .
the person placed some herbs on the counter .
the person placed two plated on the counter .
the person washed some herbs .
the person placed some herbs on the plates .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person picked apart the herbs .
the person disposed of his trash .
the person diced the herbs with a knife .
the person put the dice herbs on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
an opened the refrigerator .
the person gathered a bag of greens .
the person took a bag of greens to the counter .
the person tried to take the greens apart .
an got what the person needed .
before returning the rest to the refrigerator .
at the refrigerator again the person grabbed a potted plant with greens from the refrigerator .
the person took a potted plant with greens to the counter .
the person plucked some greens from the plant .
the person returned a potted plant with greens to the refrigerator .
the person went to a cupboard .
the person got two plates .
the person set two plates on the counter with the greens .
the person washed off one of the greens in the sink .
the person set the greens on the plate .
the person opened a couple of drawers .
the person got out a knife and a cutting board .
the person set a knife and a cutting board on the counter as well .
the person picked up one of the greens .
the person set one of the greens on the cutting board .
the person started to pick off leaves .
the person put the leaves on the plate .
half way through the person moved the plate .
the person continued to pluck off the leaves of the greens .
before throwing away the stemmed .
the person picked up the other greens .
the person started to pluck the leaves off the other greens as well .
the person set those leaves on the cutting board once the leaves were removed from the stemmed .
the person threw the stemmed away .
the person started to cut up the leaves on the chopping board into fine pieces , .
every so often wiping the blade of pieces with his finger .
the person placed the chopped greens on the plate with the other leaves that were left alone , using the knife , in two separate piles .
the person set the knife down .
the person walked away from the counter .
the person removed some herbs for the refrigerator .
the person got two plates from the cabinet .
the person washed the herbs .
the person removed the stemmed from the herbs .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two bunches of fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person took a knife and cutting board from the cabinet .
the person removed the leaves from one bunch of the herbs .
the person placed the leaves on the plate .
the person took the other bunch of herbs .
the person removed the stemmed .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person placed the chopped herbs on the plate .
the person got a package of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person laid a bunch of the herbs on the counter-top .
the person put the rest back in the refrigerator .
the person took a potted herb plant out of the refrigerator , .
the person pulled off some stemmed .
the person put some stemmed to the other herbs .
the person put the plant away .
the person got two plates from a cupboard .
the person laid the plates on the counter-top .
the person rinsed one of the bunches of herbs under the tap .
the person put the rinsed bunch of herbs on one of the plates .
the person rinsed the other bunch of herbs .
the person put the other bunch of herbs on the other plate .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife , .
the person put one bunch of herbs on the cutting board , .
the person pulled the leaves from the leaf stemmed , .
the person threw the stemmed away .
the person took the other bunch of herbs , .
the person chopped the herbs with the knife .
the person chopped the leaves with the knife .
the person put the chopped herbs back on the plate .
the person put the leaves to the other herbs on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took some herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person put some herbs on the counter .
the person took some herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person put some herbs on the counter .
the person took two plates out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person put each herb on a different plate .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawers .
the person put one herb on the cutting board .
the person pulled off the leaves .
the person put the leaves back on the plate .
the person put the other herb on the cutting board .
the person pulled off the leaves .
the person chopped the second herb on the cutting board .
the person put the chopped herb on the plate with the first herb .
the person removed two types of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed two plates from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the plates .
the person took out a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed the herb leaved from the stemmed , .
the person placed the leaves on the plate .
the person threw the stemmed in the garbage .
the person diced the other bunch of herbs .
the person placed the diced herbs on the plate with the herb leaved .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person brought some herbs to the counter .
the person put the rest back in the refrigerator .
the person removed a few and sprigs .
the person took out two plates .
the person set two plates on the counter .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person placed the herbs on the plates .
the person took out a knife and cutting board from the counter .
the person removed the leaves from one herb .
the person placed the leaves on the plate .
the person removed the leaves from the second herb .
the person placed the leaves on the cutting board .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person placed the chopped herbs on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
from the refrigerator got some herbs .
the person took the herbs to the counter .
the person opened the bag to take some out .
the person put the remaining herbs back in the refrigerator .
the person got out different herbs .
the person picked some herbs loose .
the person returned the rest to the refrigerator .
the person got out two plates .
the person washed the herbs in the sink separately .
the person put each bunch on a plate .
the person got out a knife .
the person began picking herbs off the stemmed .
the person put the herb leaved on the plate .
the person threw the stemmed away .
the person began cutting the other bunch of herbs on the board .
the person put the chopped herbs on the same plate with the others .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed some herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the counter .
the person placed the rest in the refrigerator .
the person removed more herbs from the refrigerator , .
the person placed more herbs on the counter .
the person removed two plates from the cabinet .
the person placed two plates on the counter .
the person washed the herbs in the sink .
the person removed a chopping board .
the person placed the herbs on a chopping board .
the person pulled the herbs from the stem .
the person placed the herbs on the plate .
the person chopped up the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the plate .
the person obtained a package of herbs .
the person placed about four or five stalks of the herbs onto a work surface .
the person put away the remaining herbs and package .
the person obtained a second variety of herbs which were still planted in a small pot .
the person placed four of the herbs from the pot onto the work area as well , .
the person put away the pot .
the person obtained two plates .
the person washed the light green herbs .
the person placed the light green herbs into one plate .
the person washed the dark green herbs .
the person placed the dark green herbs into the second plate .
the person obtained a large cutting board and a large knife .
the person placed a large cutting board and a large knife onto the work surface .
the person removed all of the light green herbs onto the cutting board .
the person individually removed all of the leaves from the herbs , .
the person placed the leaved back into the plate without the stemmed , .
the person discarded the stemmed .
the person removed the dark green herbs onto the cutting board , .
the person removed the leaves , .
the person cut the leaves into small pieces using the large knife , .
the person placed the dark herbs into the same plate as the lighter green herbs .
the person placed the knife onto the cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got some herbs .
the person put some of the herbs back the in the refrigerator .
the person got some other herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person took some of the other herbs .
the person put some of the other herbs back in refrigerator .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got two large bowled .
the person rinsed both of the herbs .
the person put the herbs in each bowl .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person took some of the leaves off of both herbs .
the person put one of the herbs in a bowl .
the person chopped one of the herbs .
the person put one of the herbs in a bowl with the other herbs .
the person took some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person put extra herbs back in the refrigerator .
the person took out different herbs from the refrigerator .
the person put back the extra herbs .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the herbs .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person cut up the herbs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person pulled some off the bundle .
the person put the rest away .
the person got a bunch of another herb .
the person took some off a bunch of another herb .
the person got two plates from the pantry .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person put one type of herb on one plate and the other on the second plate .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person picked the leaves off one type of herb .
the person put the leaves on the plate .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person tore the leaves off the second herb .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person added the herbs to a bowl .
the person removed a bag of fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person unbundled the herbs .
the person placed a portion on the counter .
the person returned the unused portion to the refrigerator .
the person removed a pot of herbs from the refrigerator , .
the person pulled out a few stemmed , .
the person returned the rest to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out two plates from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the herbs separately .
the person put the herbs on the plates .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person picked the leaves off the stemmed of one herb .
the person placed the leaves back on the plate .
the person picked the leaves off the stemmed of the second herb .
the person used the knife to finely chop the leaves .
the person put the finely chopped herb on the same plate with the first herb .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a bag of an herbs .
the person set a bag of an herbs on the counter .
the person picked the herbs apart .
the person took another bag .
the person grabbed a couple of plates , .
the person put the herb on each of the plates .
the person also got a cutting board and knife .
the person picked apart one of the herbs further .
the person started picking apart the other herb .
the person placed some herb on the cutting board as well .
the person began to finely chop the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs back on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed herbs out of the fridge .
the person separated the herbs .
the person placed the rest in the fridge .
the person grabbed two plates out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed the herbs using the sink .
the person placed the herbs onto the two plates .
the person pulled a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person ripped one herb using his bare hands .
the person placed both herbs on the white plates .
the person chopped the second herb on the cutting board .
the person removed a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed some herbs from the bag .
the person returned the left over herbs to the refrigerator .
the person gathered a second herb from the refrigerator .
the person returned the second herb to the refrigerator .
the person placed two plates on the counter .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person plucked the herbs from the herb stemmed .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person chopped one of the herbs with a knife .
the person placed the herbs on a plate .
the person got herbs from a refrigerator .
the person picked half of the herbs .
the person put the rest back .
the person picked more herbs from a plant .
the person got two plate from a cabinet .
the person rinsed the herbs in a sink .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person picked the herbs off the stemmed .
the person put the herbs on the plate .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a bag of herbs out the fridge , .
the person placed a bag of herbs on the counter .
the person pulled a few herbs out the bag .
the person placed the rest in the fridge .
the person grabbed a soil pot of herbs out the fridge .
the person pulled a few from a soil pot of herbs .
the person placed the pot back in the fridge .
the person retrieved two plates from the pantry .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person positioned the herbs on the plates .
the person collected a knife and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a knife and a cutting board on the counter .
the person pulled the leaves off the stemmed , .
the person placed the leaves on the plate , .
the person discarded the stemmed in the trash .
the person chopped the leaves into small pieces .
the person emptied the small pieces onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a large cutting board .
the person also got out a knife from the drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got out a mango .
the person took the store sticker off the mango .
the person threw the store sticker away .
the person rinsed the mango in the sink .
the person got a plate out of the dishwasher .
the person washed a plate in the sink .
the person used a peeler to take the skin off the mango .
the person discarded the skin to the cutting board .
the person cut the tip off the mango .
the person discarded the tip off the mango with the skin .
the person cut the mango into several wedges using the knife .
the person cut the wedges into smaller pieces .
the person placed the wedges on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife , and grabbed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a peeler , .
the person took the sticker off of the mango , .
the person washed the mango .
the person grabbed a plate , .
the person washed a plate in the sink , .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person peeled the mango over the counter .
the person cut off the ends .
the person sliced the mango off of its seed .
the person put the seed aside , .
the person sliced the pieces of mango , .
the person placed the pieces of mango onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife out from under the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a mango .
the person got a peeler out of the drawer .
the person threw away the sticker on the fruit .
the person rinsed the mango at the sink .
the person got a plate out of the dishwasher .
the person washed a plate at the sink .
the person used the peeler to peel the mango .
the person cut the mango in half lengthwise .
the person cut the two pieces into smaller pieces .
the person cubed the pieces .
the person put the cubes onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen and grabbed a cutting board and a chef knife from a drawer .
the person grabbed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person took a potato peeler from a drawer .
the person removed a sticker from the mango .
the person threw a sticker in the trash .
the person rinsed the mango .
the person grabbed a plate from the dishwasher .
the person washed the plate with a sponge at the sink .
the person peeled the mango with the potato peeler .
the person cut off one end of the mango .
the person put one end with the skin .
the person cut the mango into slices .
the person put the hard center with the skin .
the person cut the mango sliced into smaller pieces .
the person put the mango slices on a plate .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person searched for the mango .
the person took out a peeler .
the person removed the sticker from the mango .
the person washed the mango thoroughly .
the person found a plate in the dishwasher .
the person cleaned a plate off .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the end off .
the person sliced strips off the mango .
the person sliced all around the center .
the person set that center aside .
the person took each section .
the person cut into pieces .
the person placed the pieces on the plate as he went along .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cuttting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person brought a mango from the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person removed the label .
the person rinsed the papaya .
the person took a serving bowl from the dishwasher .
the person washed a serving bowl in the sink .
the person peeled the mango .
the person sliced the mango fruit from the pit into wedges .
the person trimmed the remaining fruit away from the pit .
the person placed the pit onto the counter to the peelings .
the person diced the fruit .
the person placed the diced into the bowl .
the person stepped back from the counter .
the person walked towards the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person grabbed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person closed a cabinet .
the person took a potato peeler from a drawer .
the person removed a sticker from the mango .
the person washed the mango in the sink .
the person grabbed a plate from the dishwasher .
the person washed the plate at the sink .
the person peeled the mango with the potato peeler .
the person cut the mango with a knife into thick slices .
the person cut the thick slices into small pieces .
the person placed all the pieces on a plate .
the person went into a kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed the board on the counter .
the person pulled out a large knife from a drawer .
much searching , the person located a mango inside the refrigerator .
the person took one mango .
the person put the mango on the counter .
the person took a peeler from a drawer .
the person washed the mango .
the person placed the mango on the counter .
the person took a dirty dish out of the dishwasher .
the person washed the dish .
the person peeled the mango , .
the person sliced the mango , .
the person chopped up the mango .
the person put the mango pieces on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from underneath the counter .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed a mango .
the person peeled the sticker off , .
the person took a plate out of the dishwasher .
the person peeled the skin off of the mango .
the person used a vegetable peeler .
the person cut the end off with a knife , .
the person made two slices into the mango .
the person cut off slices from the mango .
the person spun the mango around in circles to trim off more flesh .
the person put the pit aside .
the person sliced the flesh into smaller pieces .
the person moved all the pieces onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person pulled the label off the avocado .
the person washed the avocado in the sink .
the person took a dirty dish out of the dish washer .
the person cleaned a dirty dish in the sink .
the person peeled the avocado onto the counter .
the person cut the end off the avocado .
the person sliced the avacado .
the person cut off the pieces around the pit .
the person discarded the piece with the pit in the piece .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person put the pieces onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a mango .
the person washed the mango in the sink .
the person peeled the mango .
the person put the peeled mango onto the cutting board .
the person cut the mango into slices .
the person cut the slices into chunks .
the person placed the pieces of mango onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and large knife from the drawer .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed a mango .
the person went back to the drawer .
the person took out a peeler .
than washed the mango .
the person opened the dish washer , .
the person removed a plate .
the person washed a plate .
the person peeled the mango .
the person sliced off the edges .
the person sliced the mango .
the person placed the core with the mango peeled .
the person chopped the mango slices .
the person put the mango slices on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the sticker from the mango .
the person put the sticker in the trash .
the person rinsed the mango in the sink .
the person took a dirty plate from the dishwasher .
the person washed the plate .
the person peeled the skin off of the mango .
the person cut the mango into wedges .
the person chopped up the mango wedges .
the person put the diced pieces onto the plate .
the person took out a cutting blade and a big , sharp knife .
the person took a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a peeler .
the person pulled the price tag off .
the person washed the mango .
the person took out a dish from the shelf .
a dish was a bit dirty , the person rinsed a dish out .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut a bit off the top edge .
the person made a deep slit on one side of the mango .
a slit on the other side .
by doing so , the person got two wedges , along the length of the mango .
the person cut the mango through .
the person cut around the seed and got six such wedges .
the person cut off all the little bits of flesh around the seed .
the person took each wedge .
the person cut each wedge horizontally into several pieces .
the person put all these pieces on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , peeler , and a mango from the refrigerator .
the person took the sticker off of the mango , .
the person washed the mango .
the person acquired a bowl , .
the person washed a bowl as well .
the person peeled the mango fully , .
the person cut the mango into large wedges around its core .
the person cut the ends off around the core as well , to get as much flesh off as possible .
the person cut each wedge into small chunks , .
the person placed each wedge into the bowl .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out a mango .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled off the sticker .
the person rinsed the mango off in the sink .
the person took a dirty bowl from the dishwasher .
the person washed the bowl in the sink .
the person peeled the green peel from the mango .
the person cut off the end of the mango .
the person sliced around the middle .
the person sliced the mango .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a knife and a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a mango .
the person fetched a peeler from the drawer , .
the person pulled the sticker off the mango .
the person washed the mango .
the person got a plate out of the dishwasher .
the person washed a plate in the sink .
the person peeled the mango with the peeler .
the person cut off the stem .
the person moved the mango to the cutting board .
the person began slicing the flesh off of the core at the center of the mango .
the person finished he set the core to the side .
roughly chopped the mango .
the person set the pieces on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person took out a mango from the fridge .
the person opened up the cabinet door to the fridge did not take anything from the cabinet .
the person placed the mango on the counter .
the person took out a peeling utensil .
the person picked up the mango , .
the person took the sticker off the mango .
the person washed the maqngo using the faucet .
the person placed the mango back down .
the person took a plate out of the dishwasher .
the person washed the plate .
the person picked up the mango .
the person peeled the mango , .
the person leaved the pieces on the counter .
the person sliced the mango into small pieces on the cutting board with the knife .
the person placed all the sliced pieces on the plate he had washed .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a mango from a refrigerator .
the person got a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person pulled the sticker off the mango .
the person rinsed the mango in the sink .
the person got a bowl from a dishwasher .
the person washed a bowl in the sink .
the person peeled the mango with the peeler .
the person cut the fruit from around the seed .
the person sliced the mango into half moon shapes .
the person put the mango into the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected and cutting board and knife .
the person selected a large mango from the refrigerator and a peeler .
the person removed the sticker from the mango .
the person rinsed off the skin .
the person grabbed a dirty bowl from the dishwasher .
the person washed a dirty bowl in the sink .
the person used the peeler to peel the entire mango .
the person use the knife to chop off the end .
the person made cut into the mango lengthwise from the outside to the center .
the person continued slicing long wedges until he was left with the core .
the person continued to slice good fruit off of the core .
the person chopped each of the slices into smaller pieces .
the person put all of the mango pieces into the clean bowl .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person took out a peeler from the drawer .
the person took the sticker off the mango .
the person put the sticker in the garbage .
the person washed the mango in the sink .
the person removed a bowl from the dishwasher .
the person washed the bowl in the sink .
the person peeled the mango .
the person sliced the mango in half .
the person sliced the mango into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two carrots from the fridge .
the person put two carrots in the sink .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the carrots in the sink .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person rinsed the carrots in the sink .
the person threw away the skin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off the carrots .
the person chopped the carrots into small chunks .
the person threw away the tops of the carrots .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed two carrots .
the person used a peeler , he peeled the carrots .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person washed both carrots .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the ends off of the carrots .
the person sliced both carrots into rounds .
the person threw away the ends of the carrots .
the person washed his hands , as well as the peeler .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person took a vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the carrots over the sink .
the person looked in the cabinet for something .
the person closed the door .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person put the vegetable peeler on the cutting board .
the person put the two carrots on the cutting board .
the person threw the peels in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person chopped the carrots into small pieces .
the person threw the debris in the garbage pail .
the person washed the vegetable peeler .
the person removed two carrots from the fridge .
the person placed the carrots in the sink .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the first carrot over the sink .
the person peeled the second carrot .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the two carrots .
the person threw the peeled carrot skin into the garbage .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the greens off of the carrots .
the person chopped the carrots .
the person put the carrot tops into the trash .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person took out some carrots .
the person placed the carrots in the sink .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the carrots in the sink .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person washed the carrots .
the person threw the peeled pieces into the garbage .
the person took a knife out from a drawer .
the person sliced both carrots at the same time .
the person threw scrap pieces into the garbage .
the person washed the peeler .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person grabbed two carrots .
the person placed the carrots in the sink , .
the person grabbed a peeler , .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person rinsed the carrots , .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person washed his hands , .
the person grabbed a knife , .
the person cut off the ends of the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot into small pieces , .
the person threw away the scraps , .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person walked in .
the person grabbed some carrots from the fridge .
the began to prep the carrots by peeling off the outer layer .
once the person finished the peeling he washed the carrots , .
the person brought the carrots over to the cutting board ; .
where the person began to cut the carrots in medium sized slices .
once finished the person threw away the remaining scraps .
the person washed off the used utensils .
the person entered the room .
the person openned the fridge .
the person took two carrots .
the person took a peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the carrots in the sink .
the person openned a drawer .
the person took out a trencher .
the person washed the carrots .
the person took the rested from the sink .
the person threw the rested into the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the stalks of the carrots .
the person sliced the two carrots .
the person threw the scrap into the garbage .
the person washed his hands and the peeler .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected two small carrots from the refrigerator .
the person used a peeler to peel the carrots over the sink .
the person rinsed the peeled carrots .
the person put the peeled carrots on a cutting board .
the person disposed of the peels .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person selected a large knife .
the person cut the tops off of the carrots .
the person put the two carrots side-by-side on the cutting board .
the person sliced the two carrots both at the same time .
the person opened up the refrigerator .
the person took out two carrots .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person took out a vegetable peeler .
the person proceeded to peel off the outer layer of both carrots .
the person peeled both carrots , .
the person opened the drawers .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person threw away the peeled outer skin of the carrots into the garbage .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person cut off the ends and the tips of both carrots .
the person put the ends and the tips to the side .
the person chopped both carrots at the same time into half inch sections .
the person threw away the ends and the tips of the carrots into the garbage .
the person rinsed off the peeler in the sink he was done .
the person in the video entered the kitchen .
the person went into the refrigerator .
the person emerged with two carrots .
the person placed the carrots in the sink .
the person proceeded to open several different drawers .
until the person pulled out a potato peeler .
the person used the potato peeler he peeled both carrots .
the person looked for a cutting board .
the person first looked in a cabinet above a stove .
quickly returned to the same drawer from where the person found the potato peeler .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on top of the counter .
the person washed the carrots in the sink .
the person placed the carrots on the cutting board beside the peeler .
the person discarded the peelings left in the sink .
the person washed his hands , did not dry his hands .
from the same drawer the person found a knife .
the person used the same knife to slice off some remaining peel .
the person discarded the peelings , carrot heads , and ended in the trash .
the person rinsed the potato peeler .
the person returned the potato peeler to the cutting board .
the person looked up toward the screen .
the person walked toward the entrance from which he originally emerged .
the person looked down directly at the floor where he stood .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person looked through a few drawers .
the person found a vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the carrots into the sink .
the person finished peeling the carrots .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the carrots with water in the sink .
the person set the carrots on the cutting board .
the person discarded the carrot peelings left in the sink into the garbage .
the person quickly washed his hands .
the person selected a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the undesirable parts from the carrots .
the person set the undesirable parts aside .
the person carefully cut the two carrots simultaneously into small pieces .
the person threw away the undesirable parts which he set aside earlier .
the person rinsed his peeler in the sink .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
they opened the door .
the person looked inside .
the person removed two carrots .
the person placed two carrots by the sink .
the person got out the peeler .
the person peeled both carrots .
the person got out the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person washed both carrots .
the person picked up all the carrot peeled from the sink .
the person threw the carrot peeled in the trash .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the carrots .
the person threw the carrot stemmed away .
the person washed his hands and the peeler .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person placed two carrots in the sink .
the person pulled out a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled each of the carrots in the sink .
the person pulled the cutting board from the cabinet .
the person cleaned the peels from the sink .
the person discarded the peels .
the person cut the ends from the carrots .
the person chopped both of the carrots into small bite sized pieces .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person cleaned the utensils he used .
the person got two carrot from a refrigerator .
the person put the carrots in a sink .
the person got a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the carrots in the sink .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off the carrots .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person put the ends in the trash bin .
the person rinsed the vegetable peeler in the sink .
the person took two carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler .
the person peeled the skin off both the carrots .
the person washed the carrots .
the person placed the carrots on a cutting board .
the person threw the peels into the dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out a big , sharp knife .
the person chopped the stalks and the tips off the carrots .
the person scraped off any leftover peel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person pulled two carrots from a bushel .
the person placed the carrots in the sink .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled both of the carrots above the sink .
the person got out a large cutting board .
the person placed the peeler on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the carrots in the sink .
the person took the carrot shavings .
the person threw the carrot shavings in the garbage .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer .
the person used a knife to cut the tops off the carrots .
the person cut the carrots into slices .
the person threw out the carrot tops .
the person rinsed his hands and the peeler again .
the person placed the peeler on the cutting board .
the person got two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person got a peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the carrots into the sink .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the carrots .
the person thew the peels in the trash .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the ends from the carrots .
the person cut the carrots in to slices .
the person put the tops in the trash .
the person washed the peeler .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two carrots and a peeler .
the person peeled the carrots in the sink , .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the carrots .
the person threw away the peels .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the tops and bottoms off of the carrots .
the person cut the carrots into small pieces .
the person threw away the tops and bottoms .
the person washed the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person took a vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person washed the carrots .
the person threw out the peelings .
the person washed his hands .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut off the heads and ends of the carrots .
the person cut the carrots into small rounds .
the person threw the debris into the garbage pail .
the person washed the vegetable peeler .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person took out some carrots .
the person placed the carrots in the sink .
the person took a peeler from the kitchen drawer .
the person peeled the carrots over the sink .
the person opened up the kitchen drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person rinsed the carrots .
the person placed the carrots on the cutting board to the peeler .
the person took the carrot peelings out of the sink .
the person threw the carrot peelings in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took a knife from the kitchen drawer .
the person cut the tops and tips off of the carrots .
the person set the tops and tips on the cutting board .
the person diced the carrots on the cutting board .
the person took the tops and tips of the carrots .
the person threw the tops and tips in the garbage .
the person took the peeler off of the cutting board .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person placed the peeler back on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawers .
the person retrieved a bowl , cutting board and knife .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person looked at broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli in the bowl .
the person brushed off his hands .
the person proceeded to cut up the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli and seasoning and water in a pot , .
the person turned on stove .
the person set pot to cook .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person got out a plate .
the person drained out the water , .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person added more seasoning .
the person entered into kitchen , .
the person took a cutting board .
the person put a cutting board on counter .
the person took a bowl and the a knife .
the person kept a knife on cutting board .
the person opened fridge .
the person took a broccoli .
the person put a broccoli back .
the person took another broccoli .
the person took broccoli form cover , .
the person threw cover into dustbin .
the person cut the broccoli into florets .
the person put some florets into bowl .
the person threw stem into dustbin .
the person washed hands .
the person put knife a side .
the person kept all florets in bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person took a vessel with lid , .
the person rinsed a vessel , .
the person filled the vessel with water .
the person switched on stove , .
the person put vessel on stove .
the person shifted all florets into vessel .
the person threw water in bowl , .
the person put the bowl aside .
the person washed knife .
the person took water in bowl .
pore in vessel , .
the person put salt in the vessel .
the person closed the lid .
the person washed cutting board , .
the person put the cutting board back .
the person cleaned counter with a brush .
the person washed his hands , .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person checked broccoli in vessel .
the person closed lid .
the person searched all shelves .
the person took a plate , .
the person washed a plate .
the person put a plate on counter .
the person check if broccoli got boiled using fork .
the person drained all water from vessel .
the person shifted broccoli into a plate .
the person sprinkled pepper on a plate .
the person went into a kitchen .
in the counter drawerred the person found a wooden cutting board , metal bowl , and knife .
the person pulled out a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person took off the broccoli 's plastic wrap .
the person cut the broccoli in pieces on the board and over the bowl .
the person put all the broccoli in the bowl .
the person washed the broccoli in the bowl .
the person put water and the broccoli in a pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person sprinkled salt into the pot .
the person brushed down the counter .
the person took the pot off the stove .
the person drained the pot in the sink .
the person put the broccoli onto the plate .
the person sprinkled something on the broccoli .
the person enterded the kitchen , .
than the person retrieved a cutting board , a bowl , a knife , a package of broccoli .
the person cut the leafy top part into sections .
the person removeeed the stem .
the person placed the sections into a stainless bowl .
the person rinsed the sections .
the person retreaved a pot .
the person added water .
the person placed the broccoli into the pot .
the person added more water .
the person retreaved some salt .
the person added 2-4 teaspoons of salt , .
the person covered the pot with a lid .
the person than brought the broccoli to a boil .
the person used the lid of the pot to strain the vegi .
the person placed the boiled broccoli onto the plate one at a time , .
seasoned to taste .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed out a cutting board and knife .
the person sliced the broccoli into pieces on the cutting board .
the person dropped a piece broccoli .
the person tossed a piece of broccoli into the garbage .
the person put the pieces of broccoli into a silver bowl .
the person added water into the bowl using sink water .
the person placed water into a pot .
the person placed a pot on to the stove .
the person placed salt into the pot .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person took out a white plate out the cabinet .
the person poured the water out the pot .
the person placed the steamed broccoli onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board , a knife and a bowl from a drawer .
the person grabbed broccoli from a refrigerator , .
the person removed the wrapping .
the person threw the wrapping in the trash .
the person cut the broccoli florets off the stem with the knife .
the person threw the stem in the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person put all the broccoli florets in the bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person took a pot with its lid from a drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put the broccoli in the pot .
the person washed the bowl and the knife .
the person filled the bowl with some water .
the person added some water to the pot .
the person added salt to the broccoli .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board in a drawer .
the person swept the counter with a brush .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person removed the lid from the pot .
the person grabbed a fork from a drawer .
the person grabbed a broccoli with a fork .
the person turned off the stove .
the person drained the water from the pot .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person added pepper to the broccoli .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , bowl and knife from under the counter .
from the fridge the person got a head of broccoli .
the person unwrapped the head of broccoli .
the person cut the head of broccoli into pieces .
the person threw the stem and the pieces that he dropped on the floor away .
the person put the cut broccoli pieces into the bowl .
the person rinsed the broccoli pieces .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person put the broccoli pieces in the pot .
the person rinsed the bowl and knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person added water and seasoning to the pot .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person used a scrub brush to clean the counter .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person got a fork .
the person tested a piece of broccoli for tenderness .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person added more seasoning .
the person placed a cutting board on a counter .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person removed a piece of broccoli from the fridge .
the person sliced the broccoli on the board .
the person wasted several broccoli pieces on the floor .
the person disposed of the broccoli he did n't use .
the person placed the broccoli in a bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person rinsed out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person turned on the stove .
the person placed the broccoli in the pot .
the person added water a salt to the pot .
the person placed a lid .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person cleaned up .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person plated the broccoli .
the person added seasoning .
the person gathered a few cooking utensils together .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person selected a crown of broccoli .
the person cut the florets from the broccoli stem , .
where the person cut the broccoli .
the person rinsed the florets from the broccoli under the faucet .
the person opened a bottom drawer to retrieve a pot .
the person filled the pot with tap water .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person placed the pot on the surface of the electric stove .
the person emptied the broccoli florets into the water , .
the person added a seasoning ingredient .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back where he had found it .
the person cleaned the surface of the counter .
the person periodically checked the boiling broccoli .
by removing the lid of the pot .
the person rummaged through the cabinets .
until the person found a plate .
the person strained the liquid from the pot into the sink .
the person individually removed the pieces of broccoli onto the plate with a fork and his fingers .
seasoned again .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and bowl and knife out of the drawer .
the person took broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the florets off .
the person threw the stalk in the garbage .
the person put the florets into the bowl .
the person rinsed the florets .
the person took a pot out of the drawer , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person put the broccoli into the pot .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person added some water to the pot .
the person sprinkled some salt into the pot .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person tested the broccoli with a fork .
the person emptied the water out of the pot .
the person put the cooked broccoli on the plate .
the person sprinkled pepper on the broccoli .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a pad , bowl , and knife from drawers .
the person took broccoli from shelf .
the person made broccoli into pieces on pad .
the person put the pieces of broccoli on bowl .
again the person cleaned the broccoli with water in bowl .
the person took a vessel .
the person filled a vessel with some water .
the person put vessel on burner .
the person filled the vessel with made pieces for boil .
the person cleaned his hands and bowl with water .
the person cleaned knife .
the person purred some water in vessel with bowl .
also added some salt .
the person cleaned pad with water , and kitchen platform with a brush .
the person took a plate .
the person cleaned a plate with water .
the person took a spoon from drawer .
the person checked boiling thing with that spoon .
a lift vessel from burner .
the person removed waste water from vessel .
the person shifted broccoli from vessel to plate .
the person purred some pepper on the broccoli .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person unwrapped a head of broccoli .
the person began to cut clumps off the head of broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in a bowl , .
the person ran water in the bowl .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person took the broccoli out of the bowl of water .
the person placed the broccoli in the pot .
the person dumped out the bowl , .
the person rinsed the bowl , .
the person refilled the bowl with water .
the person added seasoning to the pot .
the person covered the pot with a lid .
the person cleaned up his mess , .
the person leaved out the now empty bowl .
the person lifted the lid for a moment .
the person brought out a plate , .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person set a plate on the counter to the stove .
the person lifted the lid , .
the person stuck his finger in the water .
the person replaced the lid .
the person removed the lid , .
the person tested the broccoli with a fork , .
the person turned off the stove .
the person replaced the lid .
the person went to the sink .
the person drained the water from the pot .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person rearranged some of the broccoli .
before sprinkling the broccoli with a seasoning .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and bowl .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person came back with a bunch of broccoli .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person threw away the wrapper .
the person cut the florets off the bunch .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person put the florets in the bowl .
the person rinsed the florets in the sink .
the person got out a pot .
the person added a little water .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added the broccoli to the pot .
the person added more water and salt to the pot .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a plate in the sink .
the person drained the water from the pot .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person added seasoning .
the person got a cutting board , a bowl , and a knife from a drawer .
the person got broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person cut the florets off the broccoli .
the person threw the stem in a trash can .
the person put the broccoli and water in the bowl .
the person got a stock pot from a drawer .
the person put water in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added the broccoli to the water .
the person used the bowl to add more water to the pot .
the person added salt to the water .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the broccoli on the plate with a fork .
the person put salt on the broccoli .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , and bowl from a drawer .
the person removed broccoli from the refrigerator , .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person tossed the wrapper in the trash can .
the person sliced up the broccoli .
the person tossed the rest of the broccoli in the trash can .
the person allowed the heads of the broccoli to go into the bowl , .
the person placed all of the broccoli in the bowl , .
the person poured water into to bowl .
the person removed a pot , .
the person poured water in a pot .
the person turned on the stove top on , .
the person poured the broccoli into the pot .
the person poured more water into the bowl , .
the person poured that into the pot .
the person seasoned the water , .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet , .
the person got out a fork , .
the person checked on the broccoli .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person placed the cooked broccoli on the plate .
the person placed a chopping board , a knife and a large bowl on the counter top .
the person went to the fridge .
the person removed a head of broccoli in a plastic wrapper .
the person discarded the wrapper into a waste bin .
the person cut off the small flowerets from the main stem .
the person placed the cut broccoli into the bowl .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person filled a saucepan with water , .
the person had turned on the stove , .
the person put a saucepan on to heat .
the person put the broccoli into the pan .
the person cleaned up the utensils he had used .
the person added some salt to the pan .
the person put on a lid .
the person checked the broccoli several times .
the person fetched a plate to serve the broccoli on .
the person strained the vegetable using the pan lid , .
the person piled the vegetable onto the plate .
the person salted the vegetable .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a bowl , cutting board , knife , and broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into chunks with the knife .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the broccoli on the stove .
the person added the broccoli into the pot , .
the person washed the bowl .
the person sprinkled some salt into the pot , .
the person covered the pot with the lid .
the person washed the cutting board , .
the person put the cutting board away , .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed a plate .
the person tested a piece with a fork .
the person drained the water out of the pot by holding the lid , .
the person placed the broccoli onto the plate using the fork .
the person added some pepper on top .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bowl , a cutting board , and a knife out of the drawer .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a head of broccoli .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person chopped the broccoli into pieces .
the person threw the leftover stalk into the trash .
the person put the broccoli pieces into the bowl .
the person added water to the bowl .
the person removed a small pot and lid from the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person turned on the stove top range .
the person placed the pot on the burner .
the person added the broccoli to the water in the pot .
the person used the bowl to add more water to the pot .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person watched the broccoli cook in the pot .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person cleaned the counter top with a small brush .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took the pot off the stove .
the person drained the water out into the sink .
the person put the cooked broccoli onto the plate .
the person added a spice from the spice rack to the broccoli .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and bowl from the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got some broccoli .
the person took the broccoli out of its wrapper .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person put the broccoli into the bowl .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person got a pot .
put water in a pot .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put the broccoli in the pot .
the person washed the utensils .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person got a plate .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person took out a round cutting board , a small metal bowl , and a knife .
the person took broccoli out of the fridge .
the person cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person dropped some broccoli on the floor .
the person picked some broccoli up .
the person threw away the other pieces not used .
the person placed the broccoli on in the bowl .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person took a pot .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person placed the broccoli in the pot .
the person added some salt to the pot , .
the person cleaned up the counter area .
the person waited for the broccoli to boil .
the person tested the broccoli by taste .
the person took the broccoli off the heat .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person walked to a cupboard , .
the person removed a whole pineapple .
the person placed the pineapple on the counter .
the person opened the knife shelf .
the person selected two knives of varying lengths .
the person opened a lower shelf , .
the person extracted a wooden cutting board , a plastic container , and a metal bowl .
the person placed the pineapple on the cutting board .
with fair difficulty , used the long knife to saw off the leafy portion .
the person turned the pineapple around to remove a slice off of the bottom .
the person trimmed the remainder of the spiky skin with the small knife .
the person interrupted his trimming to communicate with someone off camera .
the person placed the trimmings into the plastic container .
the person washed his hands .
the person used the long knife to apportion the pineapple into ten slices .
the person placed nine slices into the metal bowl .
the person trimmed the last slice to separate the edible portions from the inedible center .
the inedible center into the plastic container .
the person placed the edible portions in the metal bowl , .
the person disposed of the contents of the plastic container .
the person went to the pantry , .
the person pulled out a pineapple .
the person set a pineapple on the counter .
the person took a paring knife , serrated knife , cutting board , bowl , and plastic container out of a drawer .
the person removed the top and bottom of the pineapple .
the person set the top and bottom of the pineapple in the container .
the person sliced the rind off using the paring knife .
the person quickly washed his hands and the serrated knife , .
the person used the serrated knife to slice the pineapple .
the person put the slices into the bowl and the rind in the container .
the person washed his knives .
the person placed the rind in the trash .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from the pantry .
the person got two knives and a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person got a bowl and a plastic container from the cabinet .
the person cut the crown off of the pineapple .
the person put the crown in the container .
the person cut the skin off of the pineapple .
the person placed the skin in the container .
the person cut the pineapple in to slices .
the person put the slices in the bowl .
the person rinsed the knives in the sink .
the person threw away the skin and crown .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got out a pineapple , .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person placed the pineapple on the counter , .
the person got opened the drawer .
the person got out two knives from the drawer .
the person placed the knives on the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a cutting board , bowl , and tupper ware , .
the person placed a cutting board , bowl , and tupper ware on the counter too .
the person placed the pineapple on the cutting board .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person placed the pineapple in the bowl .
the person threw away the peel .
the person took a pineapple out of the pantry .
the person also took two knives out of a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board , plastic container , and bowl from another drawer .
the person sawed off the top of the pineapple with the longer knife .
the person disposed of the little bits and top in the plastic container .
the person sawed off the outer layer of the pineapple with the long knife .
the person trimmed away any extra skin .
the person threw all the scraps and bits into the plastic container .
the person carefully removed every dark spot , .
the person rinsed off his hands and knife .
the person sliced the pineapple into discs , .
the person placed the discs in the bowl .
the person took the top bit of the pineapple .
the person sliced the flesh off from around the top bit of the pineapple .
the person placed all the edible parts into the bowl .
the person rinsed off the knives .
the person threw away the discarded parts into the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from the cupboard in back .
the person put the pineapple on the counter , .
the person took out two knives from a drawer .
from another drawer , the person got a wooden cutting board , a plastic container , and a stainless steel bowl .
the person used the larger knife to saw off the top and bottom of the pineapple .
the person put the top and bottom of the pineapple in the plastic container .
the person used the smaller knife to cut down the sides of the fruit .
carefully trim off any remaining peel .
the person brushed off the cutting board , .
the person rinsed his hands , .
the person rinsed the large knife .
the person used the large knife to slice the pineapple into thin rounds , .
the person rinsed off both knives , .
the person threw away the peels .
the person rinsed out the plastic container .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person grabbed a pineapple .
the person went to drawers .
the person grabbed a knife and container .
the person cut off the rind of the pineapple .
the person chopped up the remaining pineapple .
the person washed the knife off .
the person discarded the pieces of the rind .
the person walked in .
the person went straight to the pantry .
the person pulled out a pineapple .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out several knives , a tupperware container , a cutting board , and a bowl .
the person began cutting the pineapple .
the person took off either end first .
the person carefully sliced off the rind of the pineapple .
the person finished removing the rind , .
the person put the rind into the bowl .
the person washed his hands .
the person rinsed his knives again .
the person sliced the pineapple into rounds .
the person put the rounds into the bowl .
the person rinsed his knives again .
the person threw away the pineapple rind .
the person got a pineapple from a refrigerator .
the person got a long knife from a drawer .
the person got a smaller knife from the drawer .
the person got a cutting board , a metal bowl , and a plastic container from a drawer .
the person cut the top of the pineapple off with the long knife .
the person put the top in the plastic container .
the person cut off the bottom half with the long knife .
the person put the bottom in the plastic container .
the person put the pineapple on it was bottom .
the person sliced the skin off the sides .
the person put the side skin in the plastic container .
the person peeled all the skin spotted he missed with the small knife .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person removed a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person removed a two knives and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person also removed a tupperware and bowl .
the person sliced off the top and bottom of the pineapple .
the person sliced off the skin of the pineapple .
the person placed the scrap pieces into the tupperware .
the person sliced the pineapple into pieces .
the person placed the pineapple pieces into the bowl .
the person threw the scrap pieces into the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected a pineapple from the cupboard .
the person also selected a large knife , a smaller knife , a cutting board , and two bowled from the kitchen drawers .
the person cut the top and bottom off the pineapple with the large knife .
the person used the smaller knife to carefully slice off the outside of the pineapple .
the person put all of those scraps into the plastic bowl .
the person carefully removed all the remaining pieces of skin that had not yet been removed .
the person rinsed the large knife .
the person used the large knife to slice the pineapple into thin slices .
the person put the good slices into a metal bowl .
the person had one slice remaining that contained a part of the top of the pineapple .
the person cut the good outer pieces of pineapple from the remaining slice .
the person put the inner core into the plastic scrap bowl .
the person added the good pineapple pieces to the metal bowl .
the person rinsed the knives .
the person put the scraps into the garbage .
the person walked into kitchen .
the person took out a pineapple .
the person took out two knives , a cutting board and two bowled .
the person cut off the top of the pineapple .
the person skinned the pineapple .
the person collected trash in one bowl .
the person cleaned the pineapple .
the person washed his hands .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person put the pineapple in another bowl .
the person washed the knives .
the person threw the trash in to dustbin .
the person washed the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person placed the pineapple on the counter .
the person removed two knives from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board , metal bowl and plastic container on the counter .
the person cut the green leafy top off of the pineapple with the large knife , followed by the bottom .
the person discarded the top and bottom in the plastic container .
the person stood the pineapple upright on the cutting board .
the person used the small knife to cut along the outside of the pineapple from top to bottom to remove the rough outer rind .
the person repeated this action around the entire outside of the pineapple until all of the rind was removed .
the person discarded the rind .
the person turned the pineapple on it was side .
the person sliced the pineapple along the width into thin slices using the large knife .
the person placed the slices into the metal bowl .
the person washed the knives in the sink .
the person discarded the contents of the plastic container into the garbage .
the person washed the plastic container .
the person walked over to the pantry .
the person grabbed a pineapple .
the person placed the pineapple on the counter .
the person grabbed a few knives from a drawer directly under the pineapple .
in the same drawer the person also reached for a cutting board and two bowled , one plastic and one aluminum .
the person began to cut the pineapple 's exterior , .
the majority of the inedible exterior was cut away , the person proceeded to take a smaller knife .
the person made sure to discard any of the non-edible sections into the plastic bowl .
the person removed every last bit of the rough exterior .
the process was completed the person lightly dusted off the cutting board to remove any scraps .
the person proceeded to wash his hands .
the person picked up the larger knife .
a quick rinse the larger knife .
began to cut the pineapple into circular sections .
all the cutting was completed the person took the plastic bowl with the inedible exterior .
the person discarded the inedible exterior into the trash .
the person washed the bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a pineapple out of the refrigerator .
the person put the pineapple on the counter .
the person removed two knives -lrb- one long and one short -rrb- from a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board , a small metal bowl , and a similarly sized plastic tupperware container from another drawer .
the person set a cutting board , a small metal bowl , and a similarly sized plastic tupperware container on the counter .
the person put the pineapple on the cutting board .
the person used the long knife to cut off the top -lrb- leafy -rrb- part of the pineapple .
the person placed the leafy part of the pineapple into the plastic container .
the person used the smaller knife to cut the rind off of the sides of pineapple in slices .
the person turned the pineapple over .
the person removed the rind from the bottom in a circular peeling motion .
the person put all of the pieces of the rind into the plastic container .
the person removed all remaining pieces of rind , .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person rinsed off the large knife in the sink .
the person used the larger knife to cut the entire pineapple into evenly-sized slices .
the person placed all of the slices in the metal bowl , and the rind in the plastic container .
the person used the smaller knife to cut several chunks of fruit off of the last piece .
the person put the chunks in the metal bowl .
the person rinsed both knives in the sink .
the person set both knives to the sink .
the person carried the plastic container to a drawer that contained a garbage can .
the person threw all of the rinds into the garbage .
the person closed the drawer with the garbage can in it .
the person rinsed the plastic container in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pineapple from the cupboard .
the person placed a pineapple on the counter .
the person took out two knives , a cutting board , a food storage container and a steel bowl from the drawers below the counter .
the person trimmed off the top and bottom of the pineapple .
the person placed the trimmings in the container .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person placed the skins into the container .
the person brushed off the cutting board with his hand .
the person cut the pineapple into round slices .
the person placed the round slices in the bowl .
the person trimmed the fruit from the top slice .
the person put the core in the container with the other trimmings .
the person discarded the trimmings and stem into the waste basket .
the person rinsed out the container .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pineapple out of the cabinet .
the person took two knives out of the drawer .
the person took a cutting board , metal bowl and plastic container out of the drawer .
the person cut the top off of the pineapple .
the person put the debris in the plastic bowl .
the person sliced the end and the skin off of the pineapple .
the person washed his hands and the big knife .
the person sliced the pineapple into rounds .
the person put the slices into the metal bowl .
the person washed the knives .
the person threw the debris into the garbage .
the person washed the plastic container .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from the cabinet .
from the drawer the person got two knives , a cutting board , and two bowled .
the person used the large knife to cut the top and bottom of the pineapple off .
the person put all the rind and the top and bottom pieces off the pineapple into one bowl .
with the smaller knife the person sliced the rind of the pineapple off the sides .
the person took any brown spots off the pineapple with the small knife .
the person put the brown spots in the first bowl as well .
the person took the large knife .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person transferred the slices into the second bowl .
the person threw away the contents of the first bowl .
the person rinsed the bowl at the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a pineapple .
the person took out two knives and a cutting board .
the person took out a metal bowl and plastic container .
the person cut off the top of the pineapple .
the person placed the top of the pineapple into the plastic container .
the person cut off the outer layer of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person placed the slices of pineapple into the metal bowl .
the person discarded the pineapple husk .
the person removed a pineapple from a cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knives from a drawer .
the person also got two bowled out .
the person cut the top and bottom from the pineapple .
the person sliced all of the peel from the sides of the pineapple .
the person placed all of the peel from the sides of the pineapple into a bowl .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person placed the pineapple in a bowl .
the person threw away the peels .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person got out a colander , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person placed the cutting board and knife on the counter-top and the colander in the sink .
the person took a bunch of herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person tore the leaves off stemmed of the herbs .
the person put the leaves in the colander .
the person rinsed the herbs under the tap .
the person shook the water off the herbs in the colander , .
the person laid a towel on the counter-top .
the person put the herbs on the towel , .
the person rinsed out the colander .
the person folded the towel over the herbs .
the person patted the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board , .
the person chopped the herbs finely with the knife .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person got a knife , cutting board and colander from a drawer .
the person put the knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person got a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person broke the herbs into pieces .
the person put the herbs in the colander .
the person threw the stemmed in the garbage .
the person rinsed the herbs under the faucet .
the person got a dish cloth from the wall .
the person placed a dish cloth on the counter .
the person put the herbs on a dish cloth to get more water off of the herbs .
the person put the on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs into smaller pieces .
the person walked into the room .
the person opened the draw .
the person took a few items out of the draw .
the person placed the strainer in the sink .
the person grabbed some herbs from the cabinet .
the person began washing the herbs in the sink .
the person moved the ingredients to a towel so that they can dry off .
the person moved the herbs to the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person was finished he washed his hands .
the person emptied out the strainer .
the person removed a colander , knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed the colander in the sink .
the person gathered a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person pulled the herbs from their stem .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person dried the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs with the knife .
the person took a strainer , cutting board , and knife out of drawers .
the person took herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person pulled the stemmed off .
the person put the herbs in a strainer .
the person put the stemmed in the trash .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person strained the herbs in the strainer .
the person placed the wet herbs on a towel to dry the herbs a bit .
the person diced the herbs into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person got a cutting board , a knife , and a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person got herbs from a refrigerator .
the person picked the herbs .
the person put the herbs into the bowl .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person dried the herbs on a towel .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person removed a strainer , knife , and cutting board from a drawer .
the person took some hers from the refrigerator .
the person removed the herb leafed from the their stemmed .
the person placed the herb leafed into the strainer .
the person rinsed the herbs in the strainer .
the person dried the herbs on a towel .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person removed a strainer , cutting board , and knife from the drawer .
the person put the board and knife on the counter .
the person put the strainer in the sink .
the person removed a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person took one bunch of herbs out of the bag .
the person removed the leaves .
the person put the leaves in the strainer .
the person threw the stemmed in the trash .
the person rinsed the herb leaved .
the person drained the herb leaved .
the person put the herb leaved on a towel .
the person rinsed the strainer .
the person patted the herb leaved dry with the towel .
the person put the herb leaved on the cutting board .
finely chopped the herb leaved .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a colander , cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person added some to the colander .
the person rinsed the herbs in the colander .
the person drained the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on a towel .
the person rinsed the colander .
the person patted the herbs dry .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person collected a cutting board , colander , and knife from a drawer .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person pulled the leaves from the stemmed .
the person washed the herbs in the colander .
the person dried the hers on a towel .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a knife and cutting board out .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on a counter .
the person placed a metal strainer into the sink .
the person took some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person pulled some herb from its stem .
the person placed the herb in the strainer .
the person rinsed the herbs in the strainer .
the person placed the rinsed herb onto a towel .
the person dried the herbs with a towel .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs into fine pieces with the knife .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , and strainer from the drawer .
the person removed herbs from the refrigerator .
the person pulled herb leaved off their stemmed .
the person placed the leaves in the strainer .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person dried the herbs with a dish towel .
the person diced the herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
bent down , .
the person opened the kitchen cabinet .
the person grabbed a strainer , knife , and cutting board .
the person placed a strainer , knife , and cutting board on the counter .
the person opened the fridge , .
the person grabbed some herbs , .
the person placed the herbs on the counter .
the person pulled the leaves off the stemmed .
the person placed the leaves in the strainer .
the person disposed of the stemmed in the trash .
the person placed the remainder on the other side of the counter .
the person rinsed the leaves .
the person strained the leaves .
the person grabbed a cloth , .
the person straightened a cloth on the counter .
the person placed the leaves inside of a cloth .
the person dried the leaves with the cloth .
the person placed the leaves on the cutting board .
the person picked up the knife , .
the person chopped the leaves into small pieces , .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a bowl , knife , and cutting board out the drawer .
the person placed the bowl into the sink .
the person grabbed herbs out of the fridge .
the person separated the herbs .
the person placed the herbs into the bowl .
the person rinsed the herbs using the sink .
the person placed a small kitchen towel onto the counter .
the person placed the herbs on the towel .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a bowl .
the person grabbed a cutting and a knife .
the person placed a cutting and a knife on a counter .
the person placed a bowl in a sink .
the person grabbed some herbs .
the person picked apart the herbs .
the person placed the herbs in a bowl .
the person threw away the extra .
the person washed the herbs in a bowl .
the person placed the herbs on a towel .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person sliced the herbs .
the person diced the herbs .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a strainer , a cutting board , and a knife from the drawer .
the person took fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person pulled the leaves from the herbs .
the person put the leaves of herbs into the strainer .
the person rinsed the herbs in the strainer .
the person shook the excess water from the herbs .
the person drained the herbs on a towel .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person took out strainer and a cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a knife .
the person got some herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person took some leaved off the stem of the herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person put the herbs on a towel to dry the herbs .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a colander , cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the other items on the counter .
the person put the colander into the sink .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out some herbs .
the person ripped the leaves off the herbs .
the person put the leaves into the colander .
the person put the stalks onto the counter .
the person threw the stalks out .
the person ran the water over the herbs in the colander .
the person shook the water off the herbs .
the person took out a towel .
the person put a towel on the counter .
the person dried the herbs .
the person rinsed off the colander .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person shook out the water .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took a colander and a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person placed the colander in the sink .
the person opened the fridge , .
the person took out a bag of herbs .
the person placed a bag of herbs on the counter .
the person pulled the leaves off of the stemmed of the herbs .
the person put the leaves in the colander .
the person took the stemmed .
the person threw the stemmed in the garbage .
the person rinsed the herbs with water .
the person strained the herbs in the colander .
the person took a towel .
the person placed a towel on the counter .
the person placed the herbs on the towel .
the person walked into .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person placed a colander in the sink .
the person took some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person picked through the herbs .
the person put some leaves in the colander .
the person discarded the stemmed into the garbage bin .
the person rinsed the herbs in the colander .
the person dried the herbs with a towel .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person cut off the top of the pepper .
the person cut the white ribs from the inside of the pepper .
the person threw the white ribs in the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pepper out of the fridge .
the person reached into the drawer under the counter .
the person took out a round cutting board .
the person set the round board on the counter , .
the person put the round board back in the drawer .
the person took out a square , slightly larger cutting board .
the person opened the top drawer .
the person began looking at all the knives .
the person looked for a , .
the person decided to take out a pairing knife .
the person set a pairing knife on the cutting board .
the person carefully cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the seeds with the knife .
the person pushed the seeds off the cutting board and into his hand .
double checked that the person got everything out of the pepper .
the person threw the seeds in the trash .
the person brushed his hands together to make sure he got the seeds all off .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got a pepper .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed off the pepper .
the person cut the pepper near the top .
the person took the larger portion .
the person cut around to remove all the seeds .
the person thoroughly removed all the seeds from both the larger and smaller part of the pepper .
the person swept off the cutting board all the seeds into his hand .
the person put all the seeds in the trash basket .
the person went to the fridge .
from a bag of three different colours of bell pepper , the person selected a red one .
the person placed a red bell pepper on the counter .
the person took out a chopping board , first a round one .
the person selected a knife from the under counter drawer .
the person washed the pepper .
a little hesitation the person cut off the top .
the person turned the pepper with one hand , .
the person cut out the center and seeds .
the person scraped the seeds and waste into his hand .
the person disposed of the seeds and waste into the bin .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person sliced the top of the pepper off .
the person removed the core of the pepper .
the person grabbed the scrap pieces .
the person put the scrap pieces in the garbage .
the person took a pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife out of another .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person cut the top off the pepper .
the person cut the core out of the pepper .
the person scraped the inside of the pepper with the knife .
the person scraped the seeds and core pieces into his hand .
the person threw the seeds and core pieces away .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed a bell pepper from it was package .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person washed the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper in half .
the person threw away the remains .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pepper from the fridge .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person cut off the top .
the person cut out the seeds and membranes with the knife .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a red capsicum .
the person placed a red capsicum on the prep area .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the capsicum well .
the person used knife , he cut the stem .
the person removed the seeds .
the person disposed the seeds in a dustbin .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a pepper out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person rinsed the pepper using the sink .
the person sliced the insides of the pepper .
the person tossed the insides of the pepper into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a red pepper .
the person put the pepper on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person washed the pepper in the sink .
the person cut the top off of the pepper .
the person removed the center and the seeds .
the person put the seeds into his hand .
the person disposed of the pepper seeds .
the person turned on the sink .
the person shut off the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a red bell pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the bell pepper in the sink .
the person sliced off the top of the bell pepper .
the person cut out the core .
the person threw the core and seeds in the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a pepper .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person washed the pepper .
the person cut the top from the pepper .
the person removed the seeds from inside .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a red pepper , cutting board , and knife .
the person washed the pepper , .
the person cut the top off of the pepper .
the person removed the inner membrane by cutting around the inside of the pepper .
the person threw away the membrane .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a red pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person set a red pepper on the counter .
the person took a large cutting board out of the drawer .
the person set a large cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person set a knife on the cutting board .
the person washed the pepper over the sink .
the person leaned over the cutting board .
the person used the knife , cut the top portion of the pepper .
the person cut around the inside of the pepper .
the person scraped the inside of the pepper to remove the seeds .
the person did the same to the top of the red pepper .
the person scraped the seeds from the cutting board into his hand .
the person picked the rest of the seeds from the pepper .
the person put the rest of the seeds into his hand .
the person discarded the seeds .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person got a red pepper from a package of peppers .
the person closed the fridge .
the person put the pepper on the counter .
the person got a cutting board out of the cabinet .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person set the knife on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person looked closely at the pepper .
the person sliced the top off of the pepper .
the person scraped the seeds out with the knife .
the person scraped the seeds into his palm .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a red pepper from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person placed the pepper on the cutting board .
the person sliced off the top .
the person used the knife to cut out the seeds from inside the pepper .
the person cut seeds from the top section .
the person removed more seeds from both sections .
the person discarded more seeds in the bin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up the refrigerator .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person closed the refrigerator , .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed off the pepper .
the person sliced the top off the pepper .
the person cleaned out the seeds from the inside of the pepper .
the person tossed the seeds in the trash can .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened a refrigerator .
the person took a pepper out of the fridge .
the person placed a pepper on the counter .
the person opened the kitchen drawer , .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person took out a knife .
the person rinsed off the pepper .
the person cut off the top of the pepper .
the person carved out the seeds with the knife .
the person gathered the seeds .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person grabbed some pasta and a liquid .
the person placed some pasta and a liquid on the counter .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person poured the liquid .
the person stirred the pot .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person added salt to the boiling pot .
the person watched the water boil .
the person added the raw pasta to the hot water .
the person stirred the pot .
the person put the ingredients back into the pantry .
the person continued to add salt .
the person stirred the pot .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person strained the pasta with a strainer .
the person put the finished pasta on a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of pasta and olive oil from a cupboard .
the person placed some spices from a spice rack on the counter .
the person filled a steel pot with water .
the person placed a steel pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person poured some olive oil into the steel pot .
the person stirred the water and oil in the pot .
the person took a plate from a cupboard .
the person put some salt into the pot of water .
the person put some pasta into the pot of water .
the person added some seasonings to the the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person placed the pasta onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took olive oil and pasta from the cabinet .
the person took salt and pepper from the counter .
the person took a large pan and lid from the cabinet .
the person filled the pan halfway with water .
the person added some olive oil to the pan of water .
the person took a pasta fork from the drawer .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person added salt to the water .
the person waited for the water to come to a boil .
the person added the dried pasta to the pot of boiling water .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person added salt and pepper to the pot of pasta .
the person took a strainer from the drawer .
the person poured the pot of pasta and water into the strainer .
the person scooped the drained pasta onto a plate .
the person got out a bag of pasta , bottle of oil , and spices .
the person got out a pot .
put water in a pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added oil .
the person stirred the pot with a spaghetti spoon .
the person got out a plate .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person added spices and pasta to the pot .
the person stirred the spices and pasta .
the person put the pasta and oil back in the cabinet .
the person added more oil .
the person got out a fork .
the person tested the pasta .
the person got out a spoon .
the person tasted the contents of the pot .
the person added more spice .
the person stirred the spice up a couple of times .
the person got out a piece of pasta .
the person ate the pasta .
the person poured the pasta in a colander in the sink .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person got out another plate and fork .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a bag of pasta and oil from the pantry , .
the person placed the pasta and oil on the counter .
the person grabbed two jars of seasoning from the rank and a pot from the cabinet , .
the person placed two jars of seasoning from the rank and a pot on the counter .
the person filled the pot with water , .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person poured oil into the pot .
the person placed the top back on the oil .
the person opened the bag of pasta , .
the person mixed the liquid in the pot , .
the person retrieved a plate from the pantry .
the person sprinkled some seasoning into the pot .
the person waited for the pot to steam .
the person poured some pasta into the pot .
the person stirred the pasta with the mixing spoon .
the person moved the bag of pasta into the pantry .
the person stirred the pot .
the person sprinkled more seasoning into the pot .
the person screwed the tops back on the seasoning .
the person placed the seasoning on the rack .
the person stirred the pot once again .
the person positioned the top on the pot .
the person obtained a strainer from the cabinet , .
the person placed a strainer in the sink , .
the person poured the pasta into a strainer .
the person rinsed the pasta off with water .
the person placed the pasta on the plate .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove top .
the person added oil to the pot .
the person added the pasta to the pot of water .
the person added seasonings to the pot .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person tasted the water from the pot .
the person added more seasonings to the pot .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person placed the colander in the sink .
the person tasted the pasta .
the person drained the pasta in the colander .
the person rinsed the cooked pasta under running water .
the person poured the pasta onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a bag of pasta and olive oil out of the cabinet .
the person also grabbed two seasonings from the spice rack .
the person pulled out a pot .
the person filled a pot about half full with water .
the person put the pot on the stove , .
the person added olive oil to the water .
the person turned on the burner .
the person stirred the water with a pasta fork .
the person pulled out a small plate to set the fork on .
the person added some of one of the seasonings to the water .
the water started boiling .
the person added about half of the bag of pasta to the water .
the person added some of both seasonings to the pot of pasta .
the person stirred with the fork .
the person put away the remaining pasta and olive oil .
the person added a little more olive oil to the pot .
the person put away the remaining pasta and olive oil .
the person stirred the pasta as the pasta cooked .
the person added some more seasoning to the pot .
the person tasted a piece with a spoon .
a167 .
the person poured the pasta into a strainer in the sink .
the person rinsed with water .
the person pulled out a plate , fork and spoon to serve the pasta .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed pasta and oil out of the cabinet .
the person pulled a pot out of the drawer .
the person poured water into the pot using the sink .
the person poured oil into the pot of water .
the person grabbed a plate out of the cabinet .
the person poured the pasta into the boiling pot of water .
the person stirred the pasta in the pot using a spoon .
the person poured more ingredients into the pot .
the person grabbed a strainer out the drawer .
the person placed a strainer inside the sink .
the person poured the pot of pasta into the strainer .
the person grabbed a plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the pasta onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of pasta and olive oil out of the cabinet .
the person took out the salt and pepper .
the person put the salt and pepper with the other items .
the person took out a pot , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person poured in some oil .
the person opened the bag of pasta .
the person took out a pasta spoon .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person put the pasta spoon on a plate .
the person put salt into the pot of water .
the person poured some pasta into the pot .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person put more salt and some pepper into the pot .
the person stirred more salt and some pepper again .
the person put the pasta and oil away , .
the person poured more oil in the pot .
the person put the oil away .
the person tasted the water in the pot .
the person added more spices .
the person took a colander out of the drawer .
the person tasted the water in the pot again .
the person added more spices .
the person poured the cooked pasta into the colander .
the person rinsed the cooked pasta .
the person took out a plate , spoon and fork .
the person poured some pasta onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bag of pasta and olive oil from the cabinet .
the person took spiced from a rack .
the person brought a pot from under the stove .
the person put water in the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person added some olive oil .
the person opened the pasta .
the person took a past fork from the drawer .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person added salt to the water .
the person added the some pasta the water boiled .
the person stirred the pot , .
the person placed the remainder of the pasta on the counter .
the person added salt .
the person put the pasta bag and oil back into the cabinet .
the person added more oil .
the person added salt , pepper and another spice .
the person stirred .
the person covered the pot .
the person put a colander into the sink .
the person tasted the pasta .
the person added more salt .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta in a colander .
the person poured the pasta on a plate .
the person pushed the plate forward .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a bag of uncooked pasta , a bottle of olive oil , salt , pepper and a cooking pot , .
the person placed all of a bag of uncooked pasta , a bottle of olive oil , salt , pepper and a cooking pot on the counter .
the person filled the pot about one-fourth full of water at the sink , .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person poured some olive oil into the pot , .
the person turned on the stove .
the person stirred the pot with a claw-shaped utensil , .
the person put some salt into to the pot waiting for the water to boil .
the water started to boil , the person poured about half of the bag of pasta into the pot , .
the person added more salt and some pepper , .
the person stirred the contents of the pot with the claw utensil .
the person retrieved another bottle from the cupboard .
the person poured some of the bottle contents into the pot , .
the person stirred the pot .
the person used the claw utensil to lift some of the pasta in the pot out of the water , .
the person used a fork to test the softness of the pasta .
the person removed a bit of liquid from the pot using a spoon , .
the person tasted the liquid , .
the person added more salt and pepper to the pot .
the person examined several bottles .
the person sniffed several bottles from the spice rack , .
the person selected one , .
the person added some of its contents to the pot , .
the person stirred the pot .
the person placed the lid on the pot , which caused the water inside to boil more actively .
the person removed a colander from the drawer .
the person placed a colander in the sink .
the person removed the lid from the pot , .
the person took out a piece of pasta using the claw utensil , .
the person tasted the pasta , .
the person added more salt to the pot , .
the person stirred the pot .
the person pressed the claw utensil against some of the pasta , .
the person replaced the lid on the pot .
the person removed the lid from the pot , .
the person removed the pot from the stove , .
the person poured the pot entire contents into the colander in the sink , .
the person rinsed the cooked pasta under the faucet .
the person removed the colander from the sink , .
tilted the colander over a large plate on the counter , .
the person used a spoon to transfer the pasta from the colander to the plate .
the person got some pasta and oil from the cabinet .
the person got some seasoning from the counter .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added oil to the pot .
the person got out a spoon and a plate .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added the pasta and the seasoning to the water .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person drained the pasta in a colander .
the person got a plate .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person removed the pasta and sauce from the cupboard .
the person placed the pasta and sauce on the counter .
the person walked back closed the cupboard .
the person removed to spices from the side counter .
the person placed the spices beside the pasta and sauce .
the person removed the cooking pot from the lower cabinet , .
the person removed the lid .
the person filled the cooking pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the burners .
the person added sauce to the water .
the person opened the pasta .
the person removed a cooking utensil from the drawer , .
the person walked over to the cupboard .
the person removed a plate .
the person walked back to the counter .
the person placed the utensil on the plate .
the person added spices to the water .
the person poured half of the bag of pasta into the pot .
the person stirred the pasta , .
the person added both spices to the pot , .
the person stirred the spices in .
the person took both the pasta and sauce back to the cupboard .
the person returned back with the sauce .
the person added more into the pasta .
the person came back .
the person stirred the pasta a little more .
the person removed another utensil to stir the pasta with .
the person tasted the pasta .
the person added more spices .
the person stirred the pasta a little more .
the person placed the utensils on the plate .
adjust the burner .
the person placed the lid back on the pot .
the person removed the strainer from the drawer .
the person placed the strainer in the sink .
the person removed the lid .
taste the pasta , .
places the utensils back on the plate .
the person added more spices .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person placed the lid back on the pot .
the person removed the lid turn off the burner , .
the person poured the noodles in the strainer .
the person ran water over the pasta .
the person placed the noodles on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed two items from a cabinet and two items from a spice rack .
on the kitchen counter .
the person took a pot from another cabinet .
the person filled a pot partially with water , .
the person set a pot on a stove eye , .
the person added a small amount of liquid to the pot .
the person opened a bag of pasta , .
the person removed a sort of spoon from a drawer .
the person used the spoon to stir the water .
the person took a plate out of another cabinet , .
the person shook what appeared to be salt into the pot , .
the person stood over the pot for approximately two minutes .
the person added about one third of the bag of pasta into the water , .
the person stirred the pasta around , .
the person shook what appeared to be salt and pepper into the pot .
the person put the uncooked bag of pasta back into the cabinet , .
the person poured another small amount of the liquid into the pot , .
the person replaced the liquid into the cabinet as well .
the person tested to see if the pasta had cooked by using a fork , .
the person taste-tested the water , .
the person added more spices .
the person replaced the spices in the spice rack .
the person stirred the water , .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person got a strainer out of a lower cabinet .
the person placed a strainer in the sink .
several more minutes of testing the pasta , .
the person removed the pasta from the stove top .
the person poured the pasta into the strainer in the sink .
the person strained the pasta he took two forks out of the cabinet , .
the person poured the pasta onto a plate .
the person placed the two forks on the plate .
the person gathered a bag of pasta , some oil , and some seasonings .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the pot on .
the person poured oil into the pot .
the person stirred the water with a spoon .
the person took a plate out from the cupboard .
the person waited for the water to get hot .
the person put some pasta into the pot .
the person seasoned and stirred the pasta .
the person added more oil to the pasta .
the person placed a metal strainer into the sink .
the person strained the pasta in the strainer .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person placed the pasta onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person headed for the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator .
at this point , the person opened the cupboard to get a pot that he would need .
the person filled the pot with enough water to boil his meal .
first setting the temperature , the person was able to put the pot with his meal in it , onto the stove top .
her meal was cooking the person cleaned up the minor mess he made preparing his food .
the person waited for the food to cook , .
the person passed the time by engaging in small talk with someone off screen .
a few minutes the person was able to remove the pot off the stove .
the person removed the asparagus pieces from the pot .
a283 .
the person got pasta and oil from the cabinet .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person put oil in the pot .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person stirred the water .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person put pasta in the water .
the person added salt to the water .
the person drained the pasta into the cylinder .
the person put the pasta on to a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took pasta and oil out of a cabinet .
the person removed a large pot with a lid .
the person filled a large pot about half way with water .
the person placed the water on the stove .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person poured some oil into the pot .
the person opened the pasta .
the person took out a spaghetti fork and a little plate .
the person watched for the pot to boil .
the person poured in half a bag of pasta , .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person added multiple spices the pasta cooked .
the person removed a colander from a cabinet , .
the person continued to stir the pasta .
the person tested the pasta , a few times and a lot of boiling , .
the pasta boiled , .
the person poured the pasta into the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta with water .
the person removed another plate , fork , and spoon from a cabinet .
the person spooned the pasta onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some pasta and olive oil from the cabinet .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person added some oil to the pot .
the person stirred the oil with a pasta fork .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person waited for the pot to boil .
the person added some pasta to the pot .
the person added some seasoning .
the person stirred the pot .
the person put away the leftover pasta and oil .
the person tested the pasta with a fork .
the person tasted the water with a spoon .
the person added more seasoning .
the person stirred .
the person waited for the pasta to finish cooking .
the person put a colander in the sink .
the person tasted the pasta .
the person added more seasoning .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person turned off the stove .
the person poured the pasta in the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person poured the pasta on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a bag of pasta and olive oil .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot onto the stove .
the person took out a plate and ladle .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person added the pasta to the boiling water .
the person stirred the pasta with the ladle .
the person put a strainer into the sink .
the person strained the pasta .
the person put the pasta onto a plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took a box out of freeze .
the person kept on the platform .
the person took two kiwi fruits from the box .
the person kept two kiwi fruits on other platform .
the person took a chopper board .
the person kept a chopper board on the platform .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person kept a plate on the platform .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person kept a knife on the platform .
the person washed the fruits nicely .
the person kept besides the chopper board .
the person peeled of one of the kiwi fruit .
the person cut the kiwi fruit into pieces .
the person kept the kiwi into the plate .
the person took second one .
the person peeled the second one .
the person cut the second one into pieces .
the person kept the second one into the plate .
the person threw the wastes into the dustbin .
the person took a fork from the drawer .
the person kept a fork on the plate .
the person washed the chopper board and knife .
the person cleaned the platform using duster , .
the person washed the duster .
the person closed the tap .
one more time the person cleaned the platform .
the person kept the duster on the tap .
the person washed his hands .
the person wiped his hands using napkin .
the person kept the kiwi fruit box back into the freeze .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out two kiwis .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a knife .
the person washed the kiwis in the sink .
the person peeled the kiwis .
the person cut the kiwis into small pieces .
the person placed the kiwi pieces onto the plate .
the person disposed of the kiwi peeled .
the person put a fork to the kiwi .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person wiped the counter .
the person removed two kiwis from the package .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the kiwis in the sink .
the person peeled one kiwi with the knife .
the person sliced the kiwi into small pieces .
the person put the kiwi on the plate .
the person peeled the other kiwi .
the person sliced this kiwi into small pieces .
the person put the kiwi on the plate .
the person threw the kiwi peeled into the garbage .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person wiped the counter clean with a rag .
the person placed the package of kiwis back in the refrigerator .
the person took two kiwi fruits out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the fruits thoroughly .
the person peeled one of the kiwis with the knife .
the person peeled one of the kiwis , he laid one of the kiwis horizontally on the cutting board .
the person made one vertical cut in one of the kiwis .
the person took one half of one of the kiwis .
the person had thus cut one of the kiwis into six pieces .
the person made one vertical and two horizontal cut .
the person put the entire diced kiwi onto a plate .
the person made four pieces of the other half similarly .
the person peeled the other kiwi .
the person cut the other kiwi in half .
the person made a vertical and a horizontal cut in each half .
thereby , the person had cut each half into four pieces .
the person kept a fork to the plate .
the person washed all the implemented .
the person wiped down the kitchen counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a box with kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cutting board from a drawer and a plate from a cabinet .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed two kiwi fruits at the sink .
the person grabbed a kiwi fruit .
the person peeled a kiwi fruit with the knife .
the person cut the kiwi fruit in half and into small pieces .
the person put the small kiwi fruit pieces on a plate .
the person grabbed the other kiwi fruit .
the person peeled the second kiwi fruit with the knife .
the person cut the second kiwi fruit in half and into small pieces .
the person put the small pieces on a plate .
the person threw the skin in the trash .
the person grabbed a fork from a drawer .
the person put a fork in the plate .
the person washed the cutting board and knife at the sink .
the person cleaned the countertop with a cloth .
the person put the cloth on top of the faucet .
the person put the box of kiwi fruit back on the refrigerator .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a box of four kiwi fruit .
the person removed two .
the person grabbed a cutting board , a plate , and a knife .
the person rinsed the two kiwi under running water .
the person used the knife to peel the first kiwi .
the person cut the peeled kiwi into small pieces .
the person peeled the second kiwi .
the person cut the second kiwi .
the person placed the kiwi skins into the trash receptacle .
the person took a fork from the drawer .
the person set a fork on the plate of kiwi .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board .
the person wiped the counter with a cloth .
the person dried his hands .
the person put the kiwi box back into the fridge .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out two kiwis from the fridge .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person took out a knife .
the person put a knife on the counter .
the person washed the kiwis .
the person peeled one with the knife .
the person diced one kiwi .
the person put one kiwi onto the plate .
the person washed everything in the kitchen sink except for the plate of kiwis .
the person removed a package of kiwis from the refrigerator .
the person removed two kiwis from the package .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the kiwis .
the person peeled the kiwis .
the person cut the kiwis into chunks .
the person threw away the peels .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two kiwis out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person washed the kiwis .
the person peeled the kiwis with the knife .
the person sliced the kiwis .
the person cubed the kiwis .
the person put the cubed kiwis on the plate .
the person threw the peelings in the garbage pail .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person put a fork on the plate .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two kiwis from the fridge .
from under the cabinet the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the kiwis in the sink .
the person used the knife to cut the skin off one kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person used the knife to take the skin off the second kiwi .
the person cut the second kiwi into small pieces .
the person placed the kiwi pieces onto the plate .
the person threw away the skin of the kiwis .
the person placed a fork on the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person used a towel to wipe down the counter .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person put away the extra kiwis he got out earlier .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got two kiwi .
the person got a cutting board , plate and knife .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person peeled the skin from a kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into pieces .
the person peeled the second kiwi .
the person cut the second kiwi into pieces .
the person cleaned up the kiwi skin .
the person put a fork on the plate .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person wiped the counter with a rag .
the person put the kiwi back into the refrigerator .
the person removed a container of kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person took two kiwis from the container .
the person placed two kiwis on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board and a plate from the cabinets .
the person washed the kiwis in the sink .
the person peeled the kiwis .
the person quartered the kiwis with a small knife .
the person placed the cut kiwi fruit on the plate .
the person threw away the peel .
the person placed a fork on the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife , .
the person wiped the counter with a towel .
the person returned the container of kiwi fruit to the refrigerator .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a bag out .
the person took two kiwi fruits from the bag .
the person placed two kiwi fruits on the prep area .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the prep area .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person washed the kiwi fruit .
the person peeled the skin .
the person cut the fruit into pieces .
the person placed the pieces in a plate .
the person took another fruit .
the person cut another fruit in a similar way .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person wiped the prep area with a cloth .
the person wiped his hand with a towel .
the person placed the fruit bag back into the fridge .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two kiwis , a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person washed the kiwis .
the person peeled one with the knife .
the person diced the kiwi .
the person put the kiwi on the plate .
the person peeled the other kiwi .
the person diced the other kiwi .
the person threw out the peels , .
the person took out a fork .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person wiped the counter with a rag .
the person retrieved two kiwis from the refrigerator .
the person set two kiwis on the counter .
the got a cutting board and paring knife from a drawer and a plate from the cupboard .
the person washed the fruits , .
the person began carefully peeling one with the knife .
the person finished peeling the kiwi , .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
roughly chopped both sides .
the person moved the kiwi to the plate .
the person threw away the peel .
ad set a fork onto the plate .
the person washed the knife and cutting board the counter .
the person put the rest of the kiwis back into the fridge .
the person entered in the kitchen .
the person opened the freezer .
the person took took a bag .
the person took two kiwi fruits from a bag .
the person placed two kiwi fruits on the prep area .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person washed the fruits .
the person peeled the skin of kiwi fruits .
the person cut the kiwi fruits into slices .
the person arranged the cut fruits in the plate .
the person cut the other fruit in the same way .
the person removed the waste .
the person put the waste in dustbin .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person wiped the prep area with a cloth .
the person washed his hands .
the person wiped with a cloth .
the person placed back the bag in the freezer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a kiwi out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board out the drawer .
the person grabbed a white plate out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed the kiwi using the sink .
the person peeled the kiwi using a peeler .
the person sliced the kiwi fruit on the cutting board .
the person placed the sliced kiwi fruit onto the white plate .
the person tossed the leftover kiwi into the garbage .
the person rinsed off the cutting board using the sink .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took kiwi fruit pack in refrigerator .
again the person took two kiwi fruits in that pack .
the person took a pad from drawer .
the person took a plate from shelf .
the person took a knife from drawer .
the person cleaned kiwi fruits with water to cut the kiwi fruits .
the person removed kiwi fruits skin by using knife .
the person made kiwi fruits into pieces .
the person thrown waste into bottom drawer .
the person took a spoon from drawer .
the person put a spoon on kiwi fruit pieces plate .
the person cleaned pad and knife with water .
the person wiped platform with cloth .
the person cleaned that cloth with water .
the person wiped his hands with another cloth .
the person replaced kiwi fruits pack into refrigerator .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two kiwi fruit from the fridge .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person got a paring knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed both kiwi fruit in the sink .
the person used the paring knife he peeled one of the kiwi fruit .
the person cut the kiwi fruit in half and into pieces .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person threw the kiwi fruit skin in the garbage .
the person got a fork .
the person placed a fork on the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person wiped the counter with a towel .
the person pushed the plate of kiwi fruit forward .
the person took a container of kiwis from the refrigerator .
the person took two kiwis out .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a plate out of the pantry and a knife out of a drawer .
the person rinsed the kiwis in the sink .
the person peeled a kiwi .
the person sliced a kiwi with the knife .
the person put the kiwi slices on the plate .
the person peeled the second kiwi .
the person sliced the second kiwi .
the person put those slices on the plate .
the person put the kiwi skins in the trash .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person placed a fork by the kiwi slices .
the person washed the cutting board and the knife .
the person cleaned the counter with the washcloth .
the person put the unused kiwis in the refrigerator .
the person took two figs out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the figs .
the person chopped off the stemmed .
the person made a vertical cut through the fig .
by doing so , the person had cut the fig into four vertical pieces .
the person made another vertical cut .
the person repeated the same procedure with the other fig .
the person arranged all eight pieces of fig on a plate .
the person entered .
the person obtained two figs , cutting board and knife .
the person took out a plate , .
the person washed the figs .
the person cut the stemmed off of the figs , .
the person cut each fig into quarters .
the person put the figs onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a fig .
the person got a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the fig .
the person cut the fig into pieces .
the person put the fig pieces on the plate .
the person threw away the trash .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took two figs from the freeze .
the person kept two figs on platform .
the person took a chopper board from trolly .
the person kept a chopper board on the platform .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person kept a knife on the platform .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
a plate also the person kept on the platform .
the person washed the figs .
the person closed the tap .
the person kept the figs on chopper board .
the person removed the waste part .
the person cut the figs into four parts each .
the person arranged the figs into the plate .
the person threw the wastes into the dustbin .
the person removed two figs from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed both figs in the sink .
the person sliced the top off each fig .
the person cut both figs into fourths .
the person placed the eight pieces of fig onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge , .
the person took two fruits .
the person placed two fruits on the prep area .
the person opened the wrack below the prep area .
the person took the cutting board and a knife .
the person placed the cutting board and a knife on the prep area .
the person moved to the cupboard towards backside .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person placed a plate on the prep area .
the person washed the fruits .
the person sliced the fruits into four pieces each .
the person arranged the fruits in the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out two figs .
the person placed the figs on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a small plate .
the person washed the figs in the sink .
the person cut off the end of the figs .
the person cut the figs into small pieces .
the person arranged the fig pieces on a plate .
the person disposed of the fig tips .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed two figs from the refrigerator .
the person took cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person took a small saucer out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed the figs off in the sink .
the person chopped the figs into quarters .
the person placed the figs on the saucer .
the person threw the stemmed away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two figs from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the figs in the sink .
the person took the knife .
the person sliced the fig into wedges .
the person placed the wedges on the plate .
the person discarded the stemmed in the waste bin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two figs from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person rinsed the two figs under the faucet .
the person cut the tips from each fig .
the person sliced each fig into quarters .
the person threw the tips into the trash .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took two figs from the refrigerator .
the person placed two figs on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board from one drawer and a knife from another drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person took a dish from a cabinet .
the person put a dish on the counter .
the person washed the figs .
the person put the figs on the cutting board .
the person the ends off of the figs .
the person cut the figs into pieces .
the person put the pieces on the dish .
the person put the ends of the figs in the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two figs out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person washed the figs in the sink .
the person cut each fig into four pieces .
the person placed the sliced figs on the plate .
the person threw out the debris .
the person got figs from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person rinsed the figs in a sink .
the person cut the ends off the figs .
the person cut the figs into small pieces .
the person put the figs on a plate .
the person threw the ends in a trash can .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some figs from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the figs .
the person sliced off the ends .
the person sliced the figs into wedges .
the person put the figs on the small plate .
the person through away the end pieces .
the person entered the room .
the person opened a fridge on the wall .
the person took out two figs .
the person set two figs on the counter .
the person took a circular wooden cutting board and a knife out of drawers under the counter one at a time .
the person set a circular wooden cutting board and a knife on the counter to the figs .
the person turned .
the person took a small plate out of a cabinet behind her .
the person set the plate on the counter beside the knife and cutting board .
the person followed that , he washed the figs in the sink to his left , .
the person cut off the stemmed .
the person cut the figs into quarters using the knife on the cutting board .
the person arranged the slices of fig on the plate .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retreaved a cutting board , knife , a single fig , and a plate .
the person sliced the stem and end of the fig .
the person cut legnt-wise with a small knife .
the person made small segmints .
the person ended the video .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed figs out the fridge .
the person grabbed a small white plate out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the figs on top of a cutting board .
the person placed the figs onto a small white plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a fig from the refrigerator .
the person set the fig on the counter , .
the person reached into a drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person set the cutting board on the counter , .
the person reached into another drawer to pull out a knife .
with the knife and the cutting board on the counter , the person went to the cupboards in the back of the room to get a plate .
the person cut the fig into chunks .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person obtained two figs , cutting board and knife .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person washed the fruit .
the person diced each fig into four parts .
the person put the fig slices onto a separate plate .
the person disposed of the unused fruit .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed two figs from the refrigerator .
the person placed the figs on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person washed the figs in the sink .
the person placed the figs on the cutting board .
the person removed the stemmed with the knife .
the person sliced the figs into quarters .
the person placed the pieces of fig on the plate .
the person discarded the stemmed .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , orange and plate .
the person removed the peel with a knife , .
the person placed the peel in the sink .
the person pulled the orange segments apart .
the person put the orange segments on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took an orange out of the cabinet .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person washed the knife .
the person peeled the orange .
the person put the peelings in the sink .
the person separated the orange sections onto the plate .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out a medium sized knife .
the person took an orange out of the shelf .
the person placed a plate on the kitchen platform .
with the knife , the person peeled off the rind of the orange .
the person also peeled off most of the white fiber off the orange .
the person pulled apart the orange into two halves .
the person separated the segments , by hand .
the person arranged these segments on a plate .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person got an orange and plate out of the kitchen cabinets .
the person peeled the orange with the knife over the sink .
the person put the orange to the side .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person picked the orange back up .
the person continued to peel the orange .
the person split open the orange over the plate with his hands .
the person rinsed his hands .
first , the person went to a drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person went to a cabinet .
the person pulled out an orange .
the person pulled out a bowl from another cabinet .
at this time the person began to peel the orange over the sink with the knife .
the person peeled the orange he washed the knife under the sink .
the person threw all the peels into the sink .
the person split the orange into the bowl he grabbed earlier .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took an orange from the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person peeled the orange .
the person separated the orange on the plate .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife and an orange .
the person went into the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person used the knife to peel the orange .
the person sat the orange on the counter .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person continued to peel the orange .
the person removed the inner membrane .
segmented the orange .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person got an orange from the pantry .
the person walked back to the counter .
the person set the knife and orange down .
the person turned around .
the person walked back to the cabinet .
this time , the person removed a plate .
the person returned to the counter near the sink .
the person set the plate down , .
the person picked up the orange and the knife .
the person proceeded to use the knife to peel the orange .
the person removed the peel .
the person dropped the peels into the sink .
the person pulled apart the orange .
the person placed the segments on the plate .
the person removed any excess pulp with his fingers .
the person dropped these pulp bits into the sink .
the person rinsed his hands at the sink .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took a knife out of a drawer and an orange out of the pantry , .
the person placed both of a knife and an orange on the counter .
the person took a plate out of a cabinet .
the person placed a plate on the counter to the knife and orange .
the person took the orange and knife to the sink .
the person began to peel the orange in a spiral motion with the knife , letting the peels fall into the sink .
about half of the peel was gone , the person stopped .
the person placed the orange on the counter .
the person turned the water off , .
the person resumed peeling the orange as before .
the person continued peeling the orange until the peel was entirely removed .
the person placed the knife on the counter , .
the person placed the orange on the plate , .
the person began to tear the sections of the orange apart by hand .
the person tore the orange in half , he stopped momentarily to toss a piece of inedible material into the sink .
the person resumed tearing the sections apart , .
the person collected pieces of inedible material in his right hand as he tore the sections off .
the sections were all separated , the person went to the sink .
there the person emptied his right hand into the sink .
the person rinsed his hands off .
the person removed an orange and knife from the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from another cabinet .
the person peeled the orange with the knife .
the person washed the knife in the sink .
the person continued to peel the orange .
the person split the orange into individual slices .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a knife .
the person shen went to the cabinet .
the person took out an orange .
the person also took out a plate .
the person peeled the orange with the knife .
the person pulled the orange apart .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out an orange .
the person took out a plate .
the person peeled the orange with knife .
the person peeled the orange over the sink .
the person broke the orange apart with his hands .
the person put the peeled orange on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got out a knife .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got out an orange .
the person walked back over to the pantry area .
the person got out a small plate .
the person took the knife .
the person began to peel an orange .
the person placed the peel in the sink .
the person rinsed off the knife in the sink .
the person continued to peel the orange .
the person cleaned up the last parts of the peel from the orange slices .
the person placed the orange on top of the plate .
the person separated the orange slices from each other .
the person rinsed off his hands in the sink .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the orange in the sink with the knife .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person sectioned the orange with his hands .
the person put the orange on a plate .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person walked to the pantry .
the person retrieved an orange .
the person placed the orange and the knife on the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person used the knife to peel the orange over the sink .
the person placed the orange aside .
the person rinsed the knife .
the peeled the orange a little more .
the person done he set the knife to the sink .
the person split the orange in half with his hands .
the person continued to pull the orange apart into wedges .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person entered the room .
the person went to the fridge .
the person removed an orange .
the person took out a bowl .
the person used a knife , he cut the skin off of the orange .
the person disposed of the skin in the sink .
the person broke up the orange into it was many different parts .
the person washed his hands he was finished .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person got a orange from a cabinet .
the person got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the orange with the knife .
the person rinsed the knife in a sink .
the person peeled the orange sections apart .
the person put the orange on the small plate .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took an orange from the cabinet .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the orange .
the person put the orange pieces on the plate .
the person washed his hands .
the person who came to the kitchen , selected a fruit pomegranate for his arrangement of dish .
the person went near wash basin with a knife to cut the fruit .
the person brought out a small dish from a cupboard .
the person removed thick layer of the whole portion of the fruit with a knife .
with his finger the person divided the fruit into two to four pieces .
the person arranged the portion of each pomegranate in that dish .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed a small knife from the drawer .
the person walked over to the cabinets .
the person took out an orange .
the person placed an orange on the counter .
the person removed a small plate from another cabinet .
the person placed a small plate on the counter as well .
the person peeled the orange with the knife over the sink .
the person separated the orange slices .
the person placed the orange slices onto the plate .
the person began to gather the peel from the sink .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took the bowl from the drawer .
the person kept the bowl on the slab .
the person took the knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person took some water in the bowl .
from the cupboard the person took a piece of ginger .
the person put a piece of ginger in the bowl .
the person put the waste into the bin .
the person took the cutting board .
again washed the ginger rubbing on the ginger .
the person strained away the water .
the person started to peel off the ginger with the peeler .
the person he took the knife .
the person cut away the unnecessary buds on the ginger .
again washed the ginger under water .
the person closed the strainer in the wash basin .
the person put the waste into the bin .
the person took the grater .
the person started to grate the ginger into the bowl .
the person grated the ginger .
the person cleaned the grater .
the person put the grater and cutting board into the drawer .
the person added salt and spice to the ginger .
mixed the ginger thoroughly with spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bowl from the drawer .
the person got a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person put water in the bowl .
the person washed some ginger .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person washed the ginger again .
the person cleaned the sink .
the person threw away the ginger skin .
the person got a grater .
the person put a grater over the bowl .
the person grated the ginger into the bowl .
the person cleaned the grater .
the person put the grater away .
the person added spices to the ginger .
the person mixed the ginger and spices .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a bowl , knife and a peeler from drawer .
the person filled bowl with water .
the person took ginger from shelf , .
the person cleaned the ginger in bowl water .
the person took pad from drawer .
the person peeled ginger by using peeler .
the person cleaned peeled ginger .
the person thrown waste in drawer .
the person replaced peeler and knife in drawer .
the person took vegetable chopper form drawer .
the person chopped the ginger .
the person cleaned the chopper , .
the person replaced the chopper and pad in drawer .
the person added some powder to the chopped ginger .
mixed the chopped ginger with a spoon .
the person came into the kitchen , .
the person selected his tools , .
the person filled a bowl with water .
the person used the bowl to wash a piece of ginger root .
to catch the scraps as the person peeled the ginger .
the person rinsed the ginger .
the person carefully cleaned up his mess .
the person grated the ginger over a clean bowl with a cheese grater .
the person cleaned up again .
the person mixed a spice in with the grated ginger .
the person took out a steel bowl , a small sharp knife and a peeler .
the person filled up the bowl with water .
the person put a piece of ginger , .
the person cleaned the ginger in this bowl , rubbing the skin well to remove all dirt .
the person peeled the skin off the ginger thoroughly .
the person washed the ginger under the running tap , .
the person cut off any brown bits on the ginger .
the person took out a grater .
the person grated the ginger into the empty bowl .
the person washed the grater .
the person put the grater away .
the person sprinkled some salt and some chilli powder into the grated ginger .
mixed nicely with a spoon .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a bowl and kitchen utensils from the drawer .
the person closed the drawer .
the person poured water in the bowl , .
the person pulled out ginger from the cabinet .
the person poured more water in the bowl .
the person rinsed off the ginger .
the person dumped out the water , .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person rinsed off the kitchen utensils and ginger .
the person tossed the peelings into the trash , .
the person removed a grater from the drawer .
the person grated the peeled ginger .
the person rinsed off the grater .
the person placed the cutting board back into the drawer .
the person seasoned the ginger .
the person stirred the ginger .
the person removed a metal bowl , a small knife , and a peeler from the drawers .
the person put water into the metal bowl .
the person took some ginger out of the cupboard .
the person rinsed the ginger inside of the bowl .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person peeled the ginger with the peeler .
the person rinsed the peeled ginger under running water .
the person threw the skins into the trash bin .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person put the peeler back into the drawer .
the person took a grater from the drawer .
the person grated the ginger over the metal bowl .
the person rinsed the grater under the tap .
the person put the grater away .
the person sprinkled spices onto the grated ginger .
the person stirred the ginger and spices with a spoon .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got out a metal bowl .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person got a knife and another tool .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person got ginger from the cabinet .
the person put the ginger in the bowl .
the person filled the bow with more water .
the person moved the ginger around in the water .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person poured the water out of the bowl .
the person peeled the ginger , .
the person leaved the peelings in the bowl .
the person rinsed the ginger again .
the person took a break to rinse his peeling tool .
the person grated the ginger .
the person put the grated ginger in a bowl .
the person opened the drawers beneath the sink .
the person took out a small metal bowl , a knife , and a vegetable peeler .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person went to the pantry , .
the person got a knob of ginger , .
the person washed the ginger under running water , .
the person threw something in the trash .
the person took a small cutting board out from under the sink , .
the person peeled the ginger with the peeler .
the person dropped all the peelings into the metal bowl , .
the person rinsed the ginger under water .
the person used the knife to trim off bits of the ginger under the running water .
the person washed off the peeler and knife , .
the person tossed the peeled bits into the trash .
the person put the peeler and knife back into the drawer .
the person took out a grater , .
the person grated the ginger into the bowl .
the person rinsed the grater off he was done , .
the person put the grater back in the drawer .
the person seasoned the grated ginger with some salt , and another spice .
the person mixed the ginger around with a spoon .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a bowl , peeler , and knife .
the person took out a ginger root , .
the person put a ginger root in the bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person poured the water out of the bowl , .
the person peeled the skin off using the peeler .
the person occasionally washed the root to remove excess skin .
the person removed all of the skin , .
the person threw out the peels .
the person took out a grater , .
the person grated the ginger over the bowl .
the person washed the grater .
the person put the grater away .
the person added some salt and pepper to the bowl , .
mixed the grated ginger with a fork .
the person took out some utensils .
the person put some ginger in a bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person peeled all of the skin off of the ginger .
the person cleaned up everything .
the person used a grater and grated the ginger .
the person rinsed the grater off .
the person stirred the grated ginger .
the an got a stainless steal bowl out .
the person got a knife out the drawer .
the person got out a peeler .
the person put water in the bowl .
the person got ginger out of the cabinet .
the person put the ginger in the bowl .
the person got a cutting board out the drawer .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person rinsed off the peeler .
the person removed a steel bowl from the drawer .
the person got a knife and a peeler from another drawer .
the person put water in the bowl .
the person removed ginger from the cupboard .
the person got washed the ginger , .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person cleaned up the peels from the counter .
the person started peeling again .
the person picked up the knife .
the person continued to work on the ginger .
the person rinsed the ginger .
the person cleaned the peeler and the knife .
the person put the peeler and the knife away .
the person got a grater from one of the drawers .
the person grated the ginger .
the person rinsed the grater .
the person put the grater away .
the person seasoned the potatoes with two different seasonings .
the person stirred the seasoning into the ginger .
the person removed a bowl and knife from the drawer .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person took out ginger from the cabinet .
the person placed the ginger in the bowl .
the person rinsed the ginger in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person peeled the ginger over the bowl .
the person rinsed the peeled ginger in the sink .
the person threw the ginger skin in the garbage .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person put the peeler in the drawer .
the person grated the ginger over the bowl .
the person washed the grater .
the person put the grater away .
the person added spices to the grated ginger .
the person mixed the ginger with a spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bowl , knife , and peeler from the drawer .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person took a small ginger root from the pantry .
the person rinsed a small ginger root off in the bowl under the faucet .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person peeled the ginger into the bowl .
the person washed the ginger under the faucet .
the person cleaned the peels out of the sink .
the person threw the rest in the trash .
the person rinsed the peeler off in the sink .
the person put the peeler away into the drawer with the knife .
the person removed a grater from the drawer .
the person placed a grater over the bowl .
the person grated the ginger into the bowl .
the person rinsed the grater off in the sink .
the person put the grater back into the drawer .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person took two different spices from the spice rack .
the person added the two different spices into the bowl .
the person took a spoon out of the drawer .
the person stirred a spoon all together in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person withdrew a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person took a small knife and peeler from the utensil drawer .
the person placed some water into the bowl .
the person took a thumb of ginger .
the person washed a thumb of ginger in the bowl .
the person took a chopping board from a drawer .
the person drained the water from the bowl .
the person used the peeler to peel the ginger over the empty bowl .
the person rinsed the peeled ginger off in the sink .
the person disposed of the ginger peelings .
the person rinsed the peeler off .
the person returned the peeler and the knife to the drawer .
the person grated the entire piece of ginger over the bowl .
the person rinsed off the grater .
the person put the grater away .
the person seasoned the bowl of grated ginger .
the person stirred the grated ginger with a spoon .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a bowl , knife , and peeler out the drawer .
the person grabbed ginger out of the cabinet .
the person placed the ginger in the bowl .
the person added water .
the person peeled the ginger using a peeler .
the person tossed the ginger skins into the garbage .
the person grated the ginger using a grater .
the person poured extra ingredients into the bowl of ginger .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bowl , knife and peeler from under the counter .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person got a ginger root from the pantry .
the person rinsed the ginger in the bowl of water .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person emptied the bowl of water .
the person used the peeler to take the skin off the ginger .
the person rinsed the peeled ginger .
the person threw away the skin .
the person rinsed the sink and the peeler .
the person put away the peeler and knife .
the person put a mandolin over the bowl .
the person grated the ginger on the mandolin .
the person rinsed the mandolin .
the person put the mandolin away .
the person added seasoning to the ginger .
the person stirred the ginger with a spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a metal bowl and a knife .
the person took out a peeler .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out ginger .
the person washed the ginger in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person peeled the ginger into the bowl .
the person disposed of the ginger peel .
the person washed the peeler .
the person took out a grater .
the person grated the ginger into the bowl .
the person washed the grater .
the person put away the grater .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person seasoned the ginger .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bowl from the drawer .
the person placed a bowl on the counter .
the person took a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person filled the bowl with some water .
the person brought some ginger from the cabinet .
the person rinsed some ginger in the bowl under the faucet .
the person peeled the skin from the ginger over the bowl .
the person rinsed the ginger again .
the person discarded the trimmings into the waste bin .
the person rinsed the peeler in the sink .
the person put the peeler away .
the person took a grater from the drawer .
the person grated the ginger over the bowl .
the person rinsed the grater in the sink .
the person put the grater away .
the person added some spices to the grated ginger .
the person stirred the grated ginger with a spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a small package of bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter to the bread .
the person took the bread from the package .
the person cut a slice from the loaf on the cutting board .
the person stepped back .
the person got bread from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the loaf of bread with the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refridgerator .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread out .
the person closed the refridgerator door .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut a slice of bread off the loaf .
the person set the knife down .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person placed the knife on the board .
the person put the wrapper aside .
the person cut a slice of bread from the loaf .
the person put the knife down to the loaf .
the person took out a quarter loaf of brown bread from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a chopper .
the person took the loaf out of its wrapper .
the person cut out an approximately one-centimeter thick slice off the loaf with the chopper .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a bread knife from the drawer .
the person set a bread knife on the cutting board .
the person took the loaf of bread out of the bad .
the person set the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person cut two slices of bread from the loaf using the knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person walked directly to a refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator with his left hand .
the person opened a drawer in the refrigerator with his right hand .
with his right hand the person retrieved an item from the drawer .
the person closed the drawer and the refrigerator with his left hand .
the person walked to a counter , .
the person placed the item on the counter with his left hand .
the person bent .
the person opened a drawer under the counter .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter with both hands to the item from the refrigerator .
the person closed the drawer .
the person bent again .
the person opened a drawer above the drawer where he removed the cutting board from .
the person selected a knife from the drawer with his right hand .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board simultaneously closing the drawer with his left hand .
the person unwrapped the item from the refrigerator revealing a small loaf of bread .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
carefully cut a thin slice using the knife in his right hand and steadying the bread with his left .
the person straightened the cutting board on the counter .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person used the knife to thinly slice the bread .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a loaf of bread , cutting board and a knife .
the person unwrapped the bread , .
the person cut a single slice from the bread .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took the loaf of bread of out the bag .
the person sliced one piece of bread .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a bag of bread from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed the loaf of bread from the bag .
the person placed the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person cut a thin slice of bread from the loaf .
the person stopped cutting .
the person removed the bread from the fridge .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person got out a knife .
the person opened the bread .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person sliced the bread with the knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a packaged loaf of bread out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person placed the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person sliced the bread on the cutting board .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person took a cutting board and knife out .
the person took the bread out of the bread 's package .
the person placed the bread onto the cutting board .
the person cut one slice off the loaf using the knife .
the person entered .
the person removed a loaf of plastic-wrapped bread from the fridge .
the person took out a butcher knife and cutting board .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person bent over the bread .
the person cut one slice .
the person crossed a kitchen from left to right , .
the person went to the fridge .
the person opened the fridge door , .
the person took out an object .
the person carried an object to the counter , .
the person reached under the counter for a wooden chopping board .
the person opened a large drawer .
the person selected a chef 's knife from a number of similar knives in the drawer , .
the person placed the knife on the chopping board .
the person unwrapped an object .
the person put the loaf on the board .
the person cut off one thin slice , using his knuckles as a guide to cutting .
the person replaced the knife on the board .
the person straighted up .
the person looked out of the frame .
the person wen to the kitchen .
the person removed bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed a bread on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person removed the bread from the plastic packaging .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut a slice of bread off .
the person put the knife and bread down .
the person put his hands on the edge of the counter .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a knife out of another drawer .
the person took the bread out of the bag .
the person cut a slice of bread from the loaf with the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut a single slice of bread .
the person removed some bread from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person removed the bread from the bag .
the person cut a slice from the bread .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a juicer on the counter .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed an orange from an orange .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person waked over to the counter .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person twisted the first half of the orange over the juicer .
the person twisted the second half of the orange over the juicer .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed a glass .
the person tossed the orange peels in the trash can .
the person rinsed out the glass , .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person cleaned the juicer and other items up .
the person put the items away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a juicer , a knife , and an orange .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person pressed the orange halves .
the person twisted the orange halves on the juicer .
the person retrieved a glass from the cupboard .
the person threw the peels into the trash .
the person rinsed the glass in the sink .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person dumped the pulp into the garbage .
the person rinsed the knife , the juicer , and the cutting board under the tap .
the person put the materials back into the drawers .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a juicer from the drawer .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got an orange .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person threw the orange peel away .
the person removed the pulp from the juicer .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person washed the juicer .
the person washed the board and knif .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a citrus juicer out of a drawer .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person got an orange out .
the person began searching the drawers for a knife and cutting board .
the person laid the cutting board on the counter .
the person began to cut the orange in half .
the person began juicing the orange on the juicer .
the person juiced one half of the orange and the other half .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a glass .
the person threw the used orange halves into the garbage .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person took the juicer lid off , .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person emptied the juice pulp from the lid of the juicer in the garbage .
the person washed the juicer , the knife , and the cutting board in the sink , .
the person put the juicer , the knife , and the cutting board away .
the person left the kitchen .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a juicer from drawer .
the person took a orange from refrigerator .
the person took a knife and pad from drawer .
the person made orange into pieces .
the person used juicer to extract juice from the pieces .
the person took a glass from shelf .
the person thrown waste in drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person purred juice into glass .
the person cleaned juicer , knife and pad with water .
the person replaced juicer , knife and pad , .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a juicer from the drawer .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person discarded the bag into the waste bin .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange with the hand juicer .
the person brought a glass from the cabinet .
the person threw the peels away .
the person rinsed his hands and the glass .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person discarded the pulp from the strainer .
the person rinsed the juicer in the sink .
the person put the juicer away .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife back into the drawer .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a white plastic juice squeezer from a cupboard .
the person crossed to the fridge , .
the person took out an orange from the top drawer .
the person unwrapped an orange from some packaging .
the person came back to the counter .
the person took out a small chopping board and a knife .
the person cut the orange in half , .
the person used the juice squeezer to remove the juice .
the person rotated each half with some force .
very throughly pressing each half onto the pointed top of the squeezer .
the person took a glass from another cupboard , .
the person placed a glass on the counter .
the person disposed of the empty orange skin in the bin .
the person washed his hands and the glass .
before pouring the juice into the glass .
the person emptied the orange waste from the top of the juicer into the bin .
the person cleaned both parts of the juicer in running water , .
before putting both parts of the juicer back into the cupboard .
the person also cleaned the chopping board and knife .
the person put the chopping board and knife away .
the person got a juicer out of a drawer .
the person got an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person sliced the fruit in half .
the person juiced one half of the orange .
the other using the juicer .
the person got a glass out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed his hands and the glass in the sink .
the person got the remaining juice out of the juicer .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person rinsed the juicer in the sink .
the person put the juicer in the drawer .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person put the cutting board and knife in the drawer .
the person took out a manual citrus juicer .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a small knife .
the person cut the orange into two .
the person took one half .
the person pressed one half .
the person rotated one half on the reamer of the juicer .
the person took out a tall glass .
the person threw the orange rind .
the person moved around the fiber .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person threw away the fiber .
the person washed up the juicer , the knife and the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out juicer , an orange , cutting board , and knife .
the person cut the orange in half , .
juiced each side .
the person juiced both halves , .
the person took out a glass .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person threw out the pulp and the orange halves , .
the person washed the juicer .
the person placed a juicer on the counter .
the person took out a knife .
the person sliced an orange into two .
the person juiced the orange slices .
the person threw away the pulp .
the person poured the orange juice into a glass .
the person threw away the pulp .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed a juicer from a drawer , .
the person placed a juicer on the counter .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator , .
the person removed a small wooden cutting board from a drawer , .
the person placed a drawer on the counter beside the juicer , .
the person removed a knife from another drawer , .
the person placed the orange on the cutting board , .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person removed the lid of the juicer , .
the person shook the reservoir upside down over the sink , .
the person replaced the lid .
the person juiced one half of the orange , .
the person rotated one half of the orange on the juicer .
the person placed one half of the orange on the cutting board .
the person juiced the other half , .
the person rotated the other half on the juicer .
before squeezing the other half once between his thumb and first three fingers .
the person placed the other half on the cutting board .
the person removed a drinking glass from the cabinet , .
the person placed a drinking glass on the counter beside the juicer , .
the person threw the orange halves in the trash , .
the person rinsed his hands under the faucet , .
the person rinsed the glass .
the person placed the glass back on the counter .
the person removed the lid from the juicer , .
the person kept the lid over the reservoir , .
the person pressed the remaining liquid out of the pulp by hand .
the person placed the lid on the cutting board , .
the person poured the juice from the reservoir into the glass , .
the person placed the reservoir on the counter , .
the person emptied the contents of the juicer lid into the trash , .
the person rinsed the lid and the reservoir under the faucet , .
the person replaced the lid .
the person put the lid and the reservoir both away .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the knife under the faucet , .
the person put the cutting board and the knife away .
the person began to walk out of the kitchen .
the person removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person took out an orange from the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person manually pressed one orange half on the juicer .
the person manually pressed the other half of the orange on the juicer .
the person removed a glass from the cabinet .
the person threw the orange peels in the garbage .
the person poured the juice in the glass .
the person threw the excess orange in the garbage .
the person washed the juicer in the sink .
the person put the juicer in the drawer .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
back the cutting board and knife back in the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a juicer .
the person took out an orange .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced each half of the orange .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a glass .
the person disposed of the orange husk .
the person washed his hands .
the person put the orange juice into the glass .
the person disposed of the orange pulp .
the person cleaned the juicer and cutting board .
the person got a juicer from a drawer , .
the person gathered an orange from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved and knife and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut the orange into halves , .
the person used the juicer to squeeze the orange slices .
the person chose a glass from a cabinet .
the person washed his hands and rinsed the glass .
the person took apart the juicer .
the person separated the pulp from the juice .
the person poured the juice into the glass , .
the person threw away the pulp .
the person washed both parts of the juicer , .
the person placed the juicer back in the drawer .
the person walked away , leaving the glass of juice on the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a plastic squeezer from a drawer .
the person grabbed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person threw an orange wrapping in the trash .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the orange in halves .
the person squeezed one half on top of the squeezer .
the person grabbed the second half of the orange .
the person squeezed the second half on top of the squeezer .
the person grabbed a cup from the cabinet .
the person threw the squeezed orange halves in the trash .
the person rinsed the cup .
the person removed the top part of the squeezer .
the person pushed down the pulp .
the poured the orange juice in a cup .
the person threw the pulp in the trash .
the person washed both parts of the squeezer .
the person put both parts of the squeezer in a drawer .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife in a drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a hand-juicer , an orange , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person placed the orange on the cutting board .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person placed one half on the hand-juicer .
the person twisted the juice out of one half .
the person set the juiced half aside .
the person placed the other half of the orange .
the person began to rotate the other half of the orange on the juicer .
the person took a glass from a cupboard .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person poured the juice from the juicer into a glass .
the person threw away the pulp from the juicer .
the person washed the juicer off .
the person returned the juicer to the drawer .
the person washed off the cutting board and knife .
the person returned both to a drawer .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a white juicer out the drawer .
the person grabbed an orange out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person sliced the orange into two pieces .
the person used the juicer for both pieces of orange .
the person grabbed a drinking glass out the cabinet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person got a juicer from a drawer .
the person got a orange from the refrigerator .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced one half of the orange .
the person juiced the other half of the orange .
the person got a glass from a cabinet .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person poured the orange juiced in the glass .
the person put the two orange half 's in the trash .
the person rinsed the juicer in the sink .
the person put the juicer away .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person put knife and cutting board away .
the person got a hand orange juicer from the drawer .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person twisted the orange halves onto the juicer .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person threw the peels away .
the person washed the glass .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person washed the juicer .
the person put the juicer away .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and pineapple .
the person sliced off the bottom of the pineapple .
the person set the bottom of the pineapple aside .
the person took out a plate .
the person sliced the pineapple into slices until he reached the crown .
the person threw away the bottom slice and the crown .
the person took each slice , .
the person cut off the rind , .
the person sliced each slice into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
once the plate became full , the person took out a bowl , .
the person moved some of the pineapple pieces from the plate into the bowl .
the person put the rest of the pineapple pieces he sliced into the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a pineapple out of the cabinet .
the person started to slice the pineapple .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person continued to slice the pineapple .
the person threw the two ends into the garbage pail .
the person cut the skin off the slice .
the person cubed the remainder .
the person placed the cubed pineapple on the plate .
the person took a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person put half of the pineapple into the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the pantry .
the person retrieved a pineapple .
the person cut the bottom off of the pineapple .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person cut the pineapple into half-inch slices .
the person used the knife to cut the skin off of a slice of pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into wedges .
the person placed the wedges on the plate .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person chose a bowl .
the person slid half of the pineapple wedges on the plate into the bowl .
the person cut the skin off of the last slices of pineapple .
the person cut the last slices of pineapple into wedges .
the person placed the wedges on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board , a chopper and a pineapple .
the person cut around a one centimeter thick disc off the bottom of the pineapple .
the person cut up the rest of the pineapple into ten discs , each around a centimeter thick .
the person discarded the bottom .
the person placed each disc flat on the cutting board .
the person cut off the rind with the chopper , all around the disc .
the person cut the disc vertically and horizontally , thereby getting four pieces .
the person also made two diagonal cut .
the person put around half of the pieces into a plate and the rest into a bowl .
the person cut up nine of the discs in this manner .
the person took the last disc .
the person cut off the rind in the same manner .
the person cut the disc into three long parts .
thus , the last disc , the person cut up into seven pieces , each around an inch long .
the person cut one of these long parts into three .
the other two the person cut into two parts each .
the person put these pieces into the bowl .
the person opened the top drawer , .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took a pineapple out of a cabinet behind him .
the person sliced off the bottom of the pineapple , .
the person grabbed a clean plate .
the person placed a plate to the cutting board .
the person sliced the pineapple into even circular slabs .
the person took each slab .
the person cut off the outside .
the person sliced each pineapple circle into eight even triangular pieces .
the person continued to do so until almost all the pineapple was cut up .
the person grabbed a bowl from the cabinet behind him .
the person placed about half of the cut pineapple into a bowl .
the person continued cutting , until the pineapple was all gone .
the last piece of pineapple , the person sliced into squares instead of triangles .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a pineapple from a refrigerator .
the person cut the bottom off the pineapple .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person sliced the pineapple into circles .
the person put the top and bottom into a trash can .
the person cut the skin off the pineapple circles .
the person cut the pineapples into quarters .
the person put the quarters on the plate .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person put half the pineapples in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a pineapple .
the person cut off the end of the pineapple .
the person took out a plate .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person disposed of the two ends of the pineapple .
the person cut off the out layer of each slice of pineapple .
the person cut each slice of pineapple into small pieces .
the person put the pieces of pineapple onto a plate .
the person put the excess pieces of pineapple onto the plate .
the person took out a bowl .
the person put the pieces of pineapple into the bowl .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person sliced the bottom of the pineapple off .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person sliced the rest of the pineapple into several pieces .
the person threw out the top and bottom parts of the pineapple .
the person cut the skin off the pineapple slices .
the person cut the pineapple sliced into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces of pineapple on the plate .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person placed other pieces of pineapple in the bowl .
the person placed other pieces of pineapple in the bowl .
the person entered .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person grabbed a pineapple .
the person cut the bottom off of the pineapple .
the person removed a plate from the cupboard .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person threw the top and bottom of the pineapple into the trash .
the person cut the hard edges off of one slice of pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple slice into triangles .
the person proceeded to cut edges from the seven more slices .
the person cut the seven more slices into triangles .
the person removed a bowl from the cupboard .
the person scraped some of the pineapple pieces from the plate into the bowl .
the person cut the remaining two slices .
the person placed the remaining two slices into the bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board and pineapple .
the person cut the bottom off , .
the person took out a plate .
the person cut the pineapple into thick slices .
the person cut the skin off of each slice individually .
the person cut the peel off , .
the person cut the slices into eighths .
the person put the pieces onto a plate and also bowl .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person took a pineapple out of the pantry .
the person cut the end off .
the person got a plate out of the pantry .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person sliced the skins off the slices of pineapple .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person put the pineapple chunks on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a pineapple from the pantry .
the person cut the bottom of a pineapple off .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person laid a plate to the cutting board .
the person sliced the pineapple into large discs .
the person threw away the top and bottom of the pineapple .
the person cut the rind off each disc of pineapple .
the person cut each disc of pineapple into pieces .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person put some of the pineapple from the plate in a bowl .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife , .
the person retrieved a pineapple .
the person started from the bottom he cut the pineapple into slices .
the person threw out the left-over pieces .
the person started to remove the edges of each pineapple piece .
the person cut the pineapple into eighths .
the person put the slices in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from different drawers .
the person set a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took out a pineapple from a cabinet .
the person set a pineapple on the cutting board .
the person cut the bottom end off the pineapple .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person continued to cut the pineapple into thin , circular slices .
the person took the top and bottom slices of the pineapple .
the person put the top and bottom slices into the trash .
the person used the knife to cut away the skin from the remaining slices .
the person cut the skinned slices into triangles .
the person put the triangles on the plate .
the plate got full , the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person set a bowl on the counter .
the person dumped some pineapple chunks from the plate into the bowl .
the person continued cutting the pineapple .
the person put the pineapple sliced into the bowl .
the person set the knife on the cutting board .
the person placed a large knife and a cutting board on the kitchen counter .
the person removed a pineapple from a cupboard .
the person placed a pineapple on the cutting board .
the person sliced the bottom end from the pineapple .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person retrieved a plate .
the person began to slice the entire pineapple like a loaf of bread .
the person discarded the top and bottom pieces .
the person cut the skin from each slice of pineapple .
the person cut each the slice into eight chunks .
the person was done slicing the pineapple .
the person placed the chunks onto the plate .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person returned with a bowl .
the person filled the bowl with some of the pineapple chunks on the plate .
the person placed the bits in the bowl .
the person looked towards off-camera .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person got a pine apple out .
the person cut the top off the pine apple .
the person got a place out the cabinet .
the person sliced the pineapple into rings .
the person cut the sides off the rings .
the person cut the pineapple into chunks .
the person put the chunks on a plate .
the person pushed the peel of the pineapple to the side .
the person got a bowl from the cupboard .
the person took some pineapple off the plate .
the person put some pineapple in the bowl .
the remainder of the pineapple the person chopped .
the person put the remainder of the pineapple into the bowl .
the person started to clean up the mess .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board and a knife .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person pulled out a pineapple .
the person put a pineapple on the cutting board .
the person cut off the bottom of the pineapple , .
the person went back to the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person cut the pine apple into several circles .
the person was done , he discarded the top and bottom .
the person trimmed the edges from the circle , one-by-one .
the person diced the circle into smaller pieces .
the person finished this process , he went to the cabinet .
the person got a bowl .
the person transferred half of the pieces of pineapple from the plate to the bowl .
the person sliced the last few pieces of pineapple in the same way until he was done .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a pineapple from the pantry .
the person cut the bottom from the pineapple .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person cut slices from the pineapple .
the person threw away the stem and bottom of the pineapple .
the person cut the skin from each slice of pineapple .
the person cut each slice into sections .
the person put the pineapple on the plate .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person transferred some of the pineapple to the bowl .
the person finished cutting the pineapple .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawers under the kitchen counter .
the person put a cutting board and a knife items and a pineapple on the counter .
the person sliced off the bottom end of the pineapple .
the person removed a plate from a cabinet .
the person resumed slicing the pineapple into nine round pieces .
the person removed the peel from each slice with the knife .
the person cut the first seven slices up radially into eight chunks each .
the person chunked seven slices , .
the person put the chunks of each slice on the plate .
the person transferred some chunks from the plate to a bowl .
the person peeled the eighth slice .
the person chunked the eighth slice .
the person placed these chunks in the bowl .
the person peeled the ninth slice .
the person chunked the ninth slice .
the person cut the ninth slice into long chunks .
the person cut the chunks up further into seven pieces .
the person placed six of these chunks in the bowl .
the person entered a kitchen , .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person walked to open a cabinet .
the person grabbed a pineapple .
the person smelled a pineapple .
the person put a pineapple on the cutting board .
the person cut off the end .
the person walked back to the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person cut up the rest of the pineapple .
the person threw the top and bottom in the trash .
the person arranged the pineapple on the cutting board .
the person cut the rind off the slice of pineapple .
the person cut the slice of pineapple in smaller pieces .
the person put the smaller pieces on the plate .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person cut up one more slice .
the person repositioned the rinds and pineapple slices on the cutting board .
the person wiped the board with the knife .
the person got a bowl .
the person put the pineapple into a bowl .
the person put some of the other pieces in a bowl .
the person put fingers on the cutting board .
the person pulled up a sleeve .
the person came in .
the person grabbed a large cutting board and a small knife from two separate drawers .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person took out an orange and a plate for two separate cabinets .
the person rinsed off the orange .
the person placed the orange on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person cut the ends off of the orange .
the person began to use the knife to peel the orange in a spiral fashion .
the person moved the rinds aside .
the person sliced the orange .
the person cut each slice in half two times to create four small wedges per slice .
the person put the orange pieces on the plate .
young person dressed in jeans and the sweatshirt entered the kitchen , .
the person got out his cutting board and the knife ready .
the person put a cutting board and the knife on the kitchen counter .
the person got a plate out .
the person washed an orange .
the person dried his hands on the kitchen towel .
the person peeled the skin of the orange , .
the person sliced the orange into nice even slices .
courts the slices .
the person arranged oranges on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went back to the cupboard to get an orange .
the person walked halfway back , .
the person went to another cupboard to get a plate .
the person got back to the front .
the person washed off the orange in the sink .
the person peeled the orange by first cutting a little off the top , .
the person moved the knife around under the skin to remove the peel .
the person sliced the orange , .
the person quartered each slice .
the person put the pieces of orange on the plate he got earlier .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got out an orange .
the person pulled a plate out of the cabinet .
the person set a plate on the counter to the cutting board .
the person washed the orange in the sink .
the person placed the orange on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person used the knife , he cut off the ends of the orange .
the person peeled the orange , .
the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange into rings .
the person cut each ring , or slice , into quarters .
the person placed the quarters on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , orange , and plate .
the person rinsed the tomato in the sink .
the person peeled the skin off the orange with the knife .
the person cut the orange into slices and again into quarters .
the person put the orange pieces onto the plate .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person trimmed the orange peel with a knife .
the person sliced the oranges into round sections .
the person put the orange sections on a round plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person removed knife and cutting board .
the person placed the knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed an orange .
the person removed a plate .
the person set a plate down .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person turned the sink on , .
the person rinsed off the orange .
the person turned the sink off .
the person peeled the orange .
the person sliced the peeled orange .
the person sliced the slices of the orange .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person slid the plate forward .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person put the cutting board on the counter top .
the person opened another drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person put the knife on the cutting board , .
the person walked over the the pantry .
the person took an orange from a bag on the shelf .
the person grabbed a plate from another cabinet .
the person put a plate on the counter as well .
the person turned the faucet on .
the person rinsed the orange .
before putting the orange on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands on a dish towel .
the person picked up the knife .
the person cut the top and bottom piece from the orange .
before the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange into five slices .
the person cut the slices into quarters .
the person put the pieces of fruit onto the plate .
the person put the plate down in front of the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got an orange and plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the orange .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the rind away from the orange using the knife .
the person cut the orange into slices .
the slices into quarters .
the person transferred the sliced orange pieces to the plate using his hand and the knife .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a orange from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person rinsed the orange in a sink .
the person skinned the orange with the knife .
the person sliced the orange into circles .
the person cut the circles into fours .
the person put the oranges onto the plate .
the person came .
the person took a kitchen knife and a orange from the cup-board .
before staring , the person washed his hands .
the person peeled the orange skin in a neat fashion .
the person cut the orange across making five round pieces .
the person cut the each of the round pieces into four , each a quarter of the piece .
the person cut all the pieces , .
the person put the orange pieces on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
first , the person carefully selected a cutting board .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person opened a knife drawer , .
the person pulled out a knife , .
the person set a knife on the cutting board .
the person walked over to the back of his kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet , .
the person removed a grapefruit .
the person also took a plate out of a different cabinet .
the person walked back to the front of his kitchen .
the person set the plate down .
the person washed the grapefruit at the sink .
the person set the grapefruit on the cutting board .
the person dried off his hands on a dishtowel .
the person cut off both ends of the grapefruit , .
the person made a spiral cut to remove the rest of the skin .
the person began to peal the grapefruit with the kitchen knife .
the person cut the grapfruit into slices .
the person cut each slices into four quarters .
the person set the slices of fruit on his plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out an orange and a plate .
the person peeled the orange with a knife .
the person cut the orange into slivers with the knife .
the person put the cut orange onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the drawers under the counter .
the person walked to the cubbard .
the person brought out an orange .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet , .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person rinsed the orange .
the person peeled the orange with a knife .
the person sliced the orange against the grain in round slices .
the person cut the round slices in half .
the person quartered the round slices of orange .
the person placed the orange slices onto the plate .
the person pushed the plate forward towards the top of the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person pulled a knife out of the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person went to a cabinet behind the counter .
the person opened the door .
the person started fiddling with something .
the person got an orange from the cabinet .
the person opened the door to another cabinet .
the person pulled a plate out of the other cabinet .
the person went to the sink by the counter .
the person washed the orange .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person cut the ends of the orange .
the person peeled the orange with the knife on the cutting board .
the person peeled the orange , .
the person cut the orange into circular slices .
the person cut the circular slices in quarters .
the person put the cut oranges on to the plate .
the person put the plate in front of the cutting board .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed an orange and a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the orange in the sink .
the person sliced the ends of the orange off .
the person peeled the orange with the knife .
the person sliced the orange into several slices .
the person cut the slices into fourths .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out an orange .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed the orange in the sink .
the person cut off the ends of the orange .
the person peeled the orange with the knife .
the person cut the orange into slices .
the person cut each slice into smaller pieces .
the person put the pieces of orange onto the plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from the kitchen drawer .
the person got an orange and a plate out as well .
the person rinsed the orange in the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person peeled the orange .
the person pushed the skin to the side .
the person sliced the orange .
the person cut the slices in smaller pieces .
the person used his hand and his knife and placed the orange slices on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , plate , and orange .
the person washed the orange , .
the person peeled the orange with the knife .
the person sliced the orange vertically .
the person quartered each slice .
once finished , the person placed the quarters onto a plate , .
the person used the knife to help carry the pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife .
the person grabbed an orange and plate out the cabinet .
the person rinsed off the orange using the sink .
the person peeled the orange using the peeler .
the person sliced the orange into little pieces .
the person placed the pieces of orange onto the white plate .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person took out an orange .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed the orange .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the ends off the orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person sliced the orange .
the person put the orange on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , orange and plate .
the person washed the orange , .
the person sliced the top off of the orange .
the person peeled the skin off using the knife , .
the person sliced the orange horizontally .
the person cut each slice into quarters .
the person arranged the pieces onto the plate .
the person entered into the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cauliflower .
the person removed the outer leaves of cauliflower .
the person put the outer leaves in dustbin .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and knife .
the person took a bowl .
the person placed the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person transferred the pieces to the bowl .
the person washed the knife .
the person wiped the knife with a cloth .
the person kept the knife back to the drawer .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person removed cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the cauliflower .
the person threw the peels in the garbage .
the person removed a cutting board , strainer , and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person sliced the cauliflower into pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the strainer .
the person threw the scraps in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cauliflower from the fridge .
the person peeled the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person threw the leaves away .
the person got a cutting board , colander and knife from under the counter .
the person cut off the stem .
the person threw the stem away .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person cut each half into smaller pieces .
the person put the pieces into the colander .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person removed the leaves from the outside of the cauliflower .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a bowl from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the stalk off of the cauliflower .
the person threw the stalk away .
the person cut the head of cauliflower in half .
the person pulled the halves of the cauliflower into pieces .
the person removed the tough pieces of stalk from the cauliflower pieces .
the person put the cauliflower pieces into a bowl .
the person sliced the cauliflower pieces into smaller pieces .
the person threw the pieces of stalk away .
the person took a head of cauliflower out of the fridge .
the person removed the leaves of cauliflower .
the person threw away the leaves .
the person got a cutting board .
the person also got a bowl and a knife .
the person chopped off the bottom of the cauliflower head .
the person threw the bottom away .
the person chopped the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person put the pieces in the bowl .
the person removed some cauliflower from the fridge .
the person peeled the pieces of cauliflower he did n't need .
the person placed the extra pieces of cauliflower in the garbage .
the person placed the cauliflower on the counter and a cutting board .
the person diced the cauliflower .
the person placed the pieces in a bowl .
the person placed the last few pieces in the trash .
the person cleaned off the cutting board .
the person entered into the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cauliflower .
the person removed the outer leaves of cauliflower .
the person put the outer leaves in dustbin .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and knife .
the person took a bowl .
the person placed the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person transferred the pieces to a bowl .
the person washed the knife .
the person wiped the knife with a cloth .
the person kept the knife back to the drawer .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person entered into the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cauliflower .
the person removed the leaves covering the cauliflower .
the person put the leaves in the dustbin .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and knife .
the person took a bowl from the drawer .
the person placed the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person transferred this pieces into the bowl .
the person washed the kinfe .
the person wiped the knife with a cloth .
the person kept the knife back into the drawer .
the person put all the wastes in the dustbin .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person removed a head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person opened the trash can .
the person peeled off the outer leaves of the cauliflower .
the person threw the outer leaves in the trash .
the person placed the cauliflower on the counter .
the person removed a large cutting board , knife , and bowl from the drawer .
the person cut the head of cauliflower in half .
the person broke apart part of the first cauliflower half with his hands .
the person used the knife to trim the first cauliflower half .
the person put the pieces in the bowl .
the person cut the first cauliflower half into bite-sized pieces .
the person put the trimmed pieces into the trash .
the person repeated the process for the second half of the cauliflower head .
once done , the person washed the knife , .
the person dried the knife , .
the person put away the knife .
the person scraped the remnants of the cauliflower trimmings off the cutting board and into the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge door .
the person pulled cauliflower out of the fridge .
the person peeled the cauliflower .
the person placed the cauliflower on the counter .
the person moved to the sink .
the person pulled out a cutting board , a bowl and a knife from a drawer .
the person chopped the cauliflower .
the person threw away pieces in the trashcan .
the person placed chopped pieces of cauliflower into the bowl .
the person threw away pieces in the trashcan .
the person washed the knife with the sink .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person stood still .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person pulled the green leafy outer shell off .
the person discarded the green leafy outer shell in the trash .
the person got a wooden cutting board , a stainless steel colander and large kitchen knife .
the person proceeded to cut the stalk off as close to the head as he could .
the person cut the head in half from top to bottom .
the person broke the cauliflower up by hand .
the person proceeded to trim the stalks off each individual small piece .
the person placed each piece in the colander .
once the person was done he washed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person pulled off the leafy green outside .
the person tossed the leafy green parts into the trash .
the person placed the head of cauliflower on the counter , .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person pulled out a bowl and knife .
the person placed the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person sliced the cauliflower in half .
the person chopped the cauliflower up with a knife .
the person placed the chopped cauliflower into the bowl .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person turned off the kitchen sink .
the person placed the knife back into the drawer .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled cauliflower out of the fridge .
the person ripped off the outer cauliflower .
the person tossed the outer cauliflower into the garbage .
the pulled out a cutting board and bowl out of the drawer .
the person sliced the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person placed the cauliflower into the silver bowl .
the person tossed the leftover cauliflower into the garbage .
the person entered into the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cauliflower .
the person removed the outer leaves of cauliflower .
the person transferred the outer leaved to dustbin .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and knife .
the person took a bowl .
the person placed the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person transferred the pieces to a bowl .
the person washed the knife .
the person wiped the knife with a cloth .
the person kept the knife back to the drawer .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person removed cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person removed the leaves from the cauliflower .
the person got a cutting board , a knife , and a bowl from a drawer .
the person cut the stem from the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person cut the cauliflower in to florets .
the person placed the florets into the bowl .
the person cleaned the knife and the cutting board .
the person got a cauliflower from a refrigerator .
the person cleaned the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person got a knife , cutting board , and a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person chopped the cauliflower into florets .
the person put the cauliflower in a metal bowl .
the person threw the waste in a trash can .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed a head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer that contained a trash bin , .
the person pulled the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person placed a head of cauliflower on the counter .
the person placed the leaves in the trash .
the person closed the drawer .
the person moved the cauliflower to a different area of the counter .
the person removed a cutting board , metal bowl , and large knife from counter drawers , .
the person set all of a cutting board , metal bowl , and large knife on the counter .
the person placed the cauliflower on the cutting board , .
the person used the knife cut off the cauliflower stem .
the person placed the stem in the trash along with a small piece of cauliflower that fell off during the cutting .
the person cut the cauliflower head in half .
the person pulled off individual florets from one-half of the head .
the person cut off the stem and any other unusable parts .
the person finished cutting , .
the person placed the smaller pieces into the bowl .
the person cut each edible portion into smaller pieces .
the person removed the unusable parts from the cutting board .
the person put the unusable parts in the trash bin .
the person rinsed the knife under the faucet , .
the person dried the knife with a towel .
the person returned the knife to the drawer .
the person took the cutting board to the trash bin .
the person wiped off the board with his hand .
the person guided any residue of cauliflower into the trash .
the person placed the cutting board back on the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a head of cauliflower from the refridgeator .
the person prepared the cauliflower .
the person removed a cutting board and bowl from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person pulled a part .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person placed the cauliflower into a bowl .
the person washed the knife .
the person put away the knife and cutting board .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out some cauliflower .
the person peeled some cauliflower .
the person took out a cutting board , bowl , and knife from a drawer .
the person separated the cauliflower into smaller pieces .
the person threw the excess bits of cauliflower into the trash .
the person sliced the cauliflower .
the person also placed the little pieces of cauliflower into the bowl .
the person threw the excess bits of cauliflower into the trash .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife in the sink .
the person placed the knife back into the drawer .
the person threw away additional cauliflower scraps into the trash can .
the person took a head of cauliflower out of the refrigerator .
the person took the green leafy coverings off of the cauliflower .
the person put the green leafy coverings in the trash .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of drawers .
the person took out a strainer .
the person cut the cauliflower head in half .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person placed the small pieces in the strainer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a tea kettle out of the cabinet .
the person filled a tea kettle with water .
the person plugged in the tea kettle .
the person took out a small tea pot .
the person took out a bag of loose tea .
the person took a tea ball and spoon out of the drawer .
the person spooned tea leaved into the tea ball .
the person closed the tea ball .
the person put the tea ball into the small pot .
the person cleaned off the counter , .
the person threw out the crumbs .
the person closed the bag of tea .
the person took a mug out of the cabinet .
the person poured the boiling water into the small tea pot .
the person unplugged the tea kettle .
the person poured the brewed tea into the mug .
the person got a kettle .
the person filled a kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person turned the kettle on .
the person gathered a pot , tea , and a tea infuser .
the person filled the infuser with tea .
the person put the infuser in the pot .
the person removed a cup from the cabinet .
the person poured the hot water in the pot .
the person put the kettle back in the cabinet .
the person poured the tea in the cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a electric teapot out of the drawer .
the person poured water into the teapot using the sink .
the person plugged the teapot into the electric outlet .
the person grabbed a tea package out of the cabinet .
the person placed the tea into the teapot using a spoon .
the person pulled a teacup out of the cabinet .
the person poured the tea into the teacup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person picked up the tea maker .
the person poured water into the pot .
the person removed tea from the cabinet .
the person measured out the tea .
the person capped the tea , .
the person placed the tea into the pot .
the person poured the hot water into the pot .
the person steeped the tea .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person filled a water heater with water .
the person plugged the water warmer into an outlet .
the person took out a bag of tea from a cupboard .
the person put some tea into a tea ball .
the person placed the tea ball into a tea pot .
the person took a tea cup from a cupboard .
the person poured the water from the water warmer into the tea pot .
the person poured tea into the tea cup .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed an electric tea kettle from a low cabinet .
the person filed the kettle with water from the sink .
the person plugged the kettle into an outlet that popped out of the counter top .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person removed a small , glass teapot from a cabinet and a silver bag of tea from a cupboard .
the person placed scooped of tea from the bag into a tea infuser .
the person placed the tea infuser into the teapot .
the person cleaned the counter of spilled tea into his palm .
the person threw the spilled tea into the trash .
the person grabbed a teacup from the cupboard .
the person poured the water into the teapot .
the person placed the lid on the teapot with some difficulty .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person replaced the kettle in the cabinet .
the person poured himself a glass of weak tea into the teacup .
the person spoke briefly to someone off screen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out an electric tea kettle .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle in the base .
the person got out a tea pot and some tea leaved .
with a scoop the person put tea leaved in a strainer .
the person put the strainer in the tea pot .
the person got out a tea cup .
the person poured the hot water into the tea pot .
the person put the electric kettle away .
the person poured tea into the cup .
the person pulled out a water warmer .
the person filled the warmer with water in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the tea kettle and electric hot plate from the drawer .
the person filled the tea kettle with water .
the person placed the tea kettle on the hot plate .
the person plugged in the hot plate .
the person took a teapot from the drawer .
the person took a bag of loose tea from the cabinet .
the person took a tea strainer from the drawer .
the person scooped the loose tea into the strainer .
the person put the strainer into the teapot .
the person took a mug from the cabinet .
the person poured the heated water into the teapot .
the person unplugged the hot plate .
the person put the hot plate away with the tea kettle .
the person poured the tea into the mug .
the person got a tea kettle from a drawer .
the person got a tea pot from the drawer .
the person got a bag of tea from a cabinet .
the person got a empty tea bag from the drawer .
the person filled the bag with tea .
the person put the tea bag in the pot .
the person put the hot water in the tea pot .
the person put the tea kettle away .
the person put the tea in a cup .
the person took out a tea maker .
the person put some water in the tea maker .
the person hooked the tea maker up to a device on the counter .
the person turned on the tea maker .
the person took out a tea pot .
the person opened the pantry .
the person got some tea .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person got a spoon , and a tea bag ball .
the person put four spoonfuls of tea in the tea bag ball .
the person put the tea bag ball in the tea pot .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a tea cup .
the person poured the hot water in the tea pot with the tea ball .
the person poured the tea in the tea cup .
the person filled the machine with water .
the person plugged the machine in .
the person filled a bag with some tea .
the person placed the bag in a pot .
the person added the hot water to a pot .
the person put everything away .
the person poured some hot tea into a cup .
the person removed a water kettle from the drawer .
the person added water to the kettle from the sink .
the person plugged the water kettle into the outlet .
the person removed a tea pot from the drawer .
the person took out a package of tea leaved from the cabinet .
the person removed a tea infuser from the drawer .
the person added tea leaved into the tea infuser .
the person placed the tea infuser into the pot .
the person removed a cup from the cabinet .
the person poured hot water into the pot .
the person placed the kettle back into the drawer .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person got out an electric water-kettle , .
the person filled the reservoir with water at the sink , .
the person plugged the reservoir in to an electrical outlet .
the person turned the water-kettle on , .
the person took out a glass teapot , and a bag of tea leaved from a cupboard .
the person got a metal tea infuser and a spoon from a drawer , .
the person opened the tea infuser .
the person used the spoon to place some tea leaved in the tea infuser .
the person closed the bag of tea leaved .
the person closed the tea infuser again .
the person placed the tea infuser in the teapot , .
the person threw away some spilled tea leaved .
the person got a teacup out of a cupboard , .
the person placed a teacup on the counter .
the person added the hot water from the water-kettle .
the person put the lid back on the teapot , .
the person unplugged the water-kettle .
the person put the water-kettle away , .
the person picked up the teapot .
the person filled the teacup with tea .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out an electronic boiler .
the person filled an electronic boiler up with water .
the person put an electronic boiler on the hot plate .
the person lifted the outlet .
the person plugged an electronic boiler in .
the person picked up a small glass tea kettle from the floor .
the person took a bag of tea out of the cabinet .
the person put a bag of tea on the counter .
the person got a small tea filter from the drawer , .
the person filled a small tea filter up .
the person screwed the top on .
the person put the tea filter in the glass tea kettle .
the person swiped the tea that fell on the cabinet in his hand .
the person threw the tea away .
the person took a cup from the back cabinet .
the person poured the hot water into the tea kettle .
the person unplugged the electronic boiler .
the person put the electronic boiler away .
the person poured tea into a cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person began to search in a drawer for an electric pitcher for making tea or coffee .
the person left the base of the machine on the counter , .
the person picked up the pitcher .
the person filled the pitcher with water in the sink .
the person plugged in the base of the machine into an outlet in the counter .
the person reached into the same drawer .
the person got a tea pot .
the person set a tea pot on the counter to the pitcher .
the person searched in two cabinets for a bag of tea leaved .
the person set a bag of tea leaved on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got a spoon and a tea infuser .
the person pulled out a spoon .
the person closed the tea infuser .
the person put the tea infuser into the empty tea pot .
the person threw away any tea leaved that littered the counter .
the person returned to the counter .
the person folded the top of the bag of tea leaved like he was putting the bag of tea leaved away .
the person went to a cupboard .
the person got a mug for his tea .
the person set the mug on the counter to the tea pot .
the person filled the tea pot with the hot water .
the person put the top on to let the tea brew .
the person unplugged the water pitcher .
the person put the water pitcher away in the drawer .
the person poured some tea from the pot into his mug .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person retrieved a coffee pot from the drawer , .
the person filled a coffee pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the burner .
the person plugged the pot in .
the person collected a bag of coffee from the pantry and a measuring cap from the drawer .
the person opened the bag of coffee .
the person placed four spoonful 's into the measuring cap .
the person obtained a cup from the cabinet , .
the person placed a cup on the counter , .
the person poured the water into the coffee pot .
the person unplugged the coffee maker , .
the person placed the coffee maker in the drawer , .
the person poured some coffee into the cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed an electric water kettle from an under-counter cabinet .
the person filled the kettle with water at the sink .
the person placed the kettle on the electric base .
the person plugged the kettle into a pop-up electrical outlet on the counter top .
the person removed a glass teapot from under the counter .
the person placed a glass teapot on the counter top .
the person removed a silver package from the cabinets behind him .
the person took a spoon out of the drawer below the counter .
the person opened the package .
the person measured out four spoonfuls of loose tea into a metal tea ball .
the person closed the tea ball .
the person hung the tea ball inside the teapot .
the person wiped the counter off with his hands .
the person brushed the tea off over the trash container .
the person removed a cup from the cabinet .
the person placed a cup on the counter .
the person poured water from the kettle into the teapot .
the person covered the teapot .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person replaced the kettle under the counter top .
the person poured tea from the teapot into the cup .
the person obtained a tea maker .
the person placed water into a tea maker .
the person powered the machine up .
the person got out a tea pot .
the person placed the lid onto a tea pot .
the person obtained a package of tea grounds , a tea infuser ball , and a spoon .
the person filled the infuser ball with around four teaspoons of tea grounds using the spoon .
the person placed the infuser ball into the tea pot .
the person connected the infuser ball onto the side of the pot .
the person waited for a .
the person obtained a cup .
the person poured hot water into the tea pot and filled the tea pot most of the way up .
the person placed the lid onto the pot , .
unplugged the tea maker , .
the person put the tea maker away .
the person filled the cup with tea .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kettle from under the counter .
the person filled a kettle with water .
the person plugged a kettle in .
the person got a tea pot from under the counter and some tea from the pantry .
the person got a tea strainer .
the person filled a tea strainer with tea .
the person put the tea strainer in the tea pot .
the person got a tea cup from the pantry .
the person poured the hot water into the tea pot .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person poured the tea into the tea cup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a cucumber out the fridge .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person sliced the cucumber vertically .
the person sliced the cucumber horizontally into little pieces .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person placed the cucumber on the counter .
the person drew a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber off in the sink .
the person drew a larger knife from the drawer .
the person briefly looked towards someone or thing off camera .
the person began to slice the cucumber length wise .
the person cut the cucumber horizontally .
the person was finished cutting the cucumber into cubes .
the person once again looked off camera towards .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber off in the sink .
the person took a larger knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the cucumber length-wise .
the person diced the cucumber pieces in the opposite direction .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person selected a cucumber .
the person closed the fridge .
the person set the cucumber on the counter top .
the person got a cutting board out of the cabinet .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person set a knife on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the cucumber in the sink .
the person moved the knife off the cutting board .
the person selected a different knife from the drawer .
the person cut the cucumber into slices lengthwise .
the person cut the cucumber into slices crosswise .
the person set the knife down to the cutting board .
the person walked into the room .
the person took a cucumber out of the fridge .
the person placed a cucumber on the counter .
the person took a small cutting board out from the drawer .
the person took a small knife out from the drawer .
the person placed a small knife on the cutting board .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumbe on the cutting board .
the person took out a bigger knife .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise into several pieces .
the person cut the cucumber into smaller pieces .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person went to the fridge .
out of the fridge , the person took a cucumber .
the person began to look for a chopping board .
the person placed a chopping board on the counter .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person sliced the cucumbers .
the person sliced the cucumbers , .
the person diced the cucumbers .
the person finished dicing the cucumbers , .
the person set the knife down on the counter .
the person took out a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person rinsed the cucumber under running water .
the person placed the cucumber onto the cutting board .
the person thinly sliced the cucumber lengthwise .
the person cut the cucumber sliced widthwise into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the fridge .
the person retrieved a cucumber .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise .
the person stacked the slices .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person set the knife onto the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawers .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber lengthwise .
the person cut the strips into chunks .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed the cucumber in the sink .
the person took out a larger knife .
the person cut the cucumber into long strips .
the person cut the cucumber in the opposite direction .
the person finely minced the cucumber .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
a knife out of another .
the person rinsed the cucumber off in the sink .
the person took another knife out of a drawer .
the person sliced the cucumber length-wise .
the person bunched the slices .
the person cut the slices down their width .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber from the fridge .
the person set a cucumber on the counter .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person set a knife on the cutting board .
the person washed the cucumber over the sink .
the person set the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person took a longer knife out of the drawer .
the person used a longer knife to thinly sliced the cucumber length-wise .
the person chopped the cucumber by slicing the cucumber by the cucumber width .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person extracted a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person took a small cutting board from a drawer .
the person took a small knife from another drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person got a larger knife .
the person cut seven lengthwise slices of cucumber .
the person held the slices together , .
the person cut the slices crosswise on the board .
the person put the knife down .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cucumber out the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person got another knife .
the person sliced the cucumber into thin strips lengthwise .
the person sliced the strips into small pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber , cutting board , and a knife .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person cut the cucumber into lengthwise slices , .
the person cut the other direction to dice the pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a cucumber .
the person looked through the drawers .
the person found a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the knife .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise into long slices .
the person put the slices together .
the person chopped the cucumber width wise into smaller pieces .
the person was done .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person opened a refrigerator .
the person removed a medium-sized cucumber , .
the person took up a knife .
the person turned on the tap .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person placed the cucumber on a small wooden cutting board .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person returned that knife .
the person took out a much larger one .
the person used the larger knife to first slice the cucumber lengthwise , .
the person turned the cucumber around once to slice in from both sides .
the person sliced across the lengthwise slices .
the person had sliced the cucumber into very small pieces .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the cucumber well .
the person took out another big , sharp knife .
with this big knife , the person cut the cucumber into thin slices , lengthwise .
the person placed all these together .
the person diced the thin slices by cutting across the cucumber .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person selected a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into thin slices , lengthwise .
the person stacked the cucumber evenly .
the person sliced the cucumber into thin slices crosswise .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person removed a small cutting board .
peeler from the drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber in the sink .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the cucumber into many slices .
the person cut these slices into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker from under the counter .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person got some filters and coffee and from the pantry .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water in the coffee maker .
the person put a coffee filter in the coffee maker .
the person added three scooped of ground coffee .
the person closed the coffee maker .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person put away the coffee and filters .
the person got a cup and saucer from the pantry .
the person placed a cup and saucer to the coffee filter .
the person put a small spoon on the saucer .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person got some creamer from the fridge .
the person set some creamer to the saucer .
the person poured some coffee into the cup .
the person added some creamer .
the person used the spoon to stir some coffee .
the person tasted the coffee .
the person put away the creamer and coffee maker .
the person got a coffee maker from a cabinet .
the person got coffee from the cabinet .
the person put water in the coffee machine .
the person put a coffee filter in the machine .
the person put coffee in the filter .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person got a plate and a cup from the cabinet .
the person waited for the coffee to be done .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person poured creamer into the coffee .
the person put the coffee maker away .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person took coffee and filters from the cabinet .
the person added water to the coffee maker .
the person put a filter in the coffee maker .
the person added coffee to the coffee maker .
the person put away the coffee and filters .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person took out a spoon from the drawer .
the person waited for the coffee to be done .
the person poured coffee into the cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person plugged the coffee maker into the counter .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out coffee .
the person put water into the coffee maker .
the person put added a filter and coffee to the coffee machine .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person took out a small spoon .
the person took out milk .
the person combined milk and coffee in the cup .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person put the machine under the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a coffee maker from the drawer , .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person collected a jar of coffee and filters from the pantry .
the person placed a jar of coffee and filters on the counter .
the person filled the coffee pot half way with water .
the person poured the water in the coffee maker .
the person placed a filter in the coffee maker , .
the person opened the coffee jar , .
the person scooped three spoonful 's into the maker .
the person turned on the coffee pot .
the person moved the jar and filters back in the pantry .
the person opened the cabinet , .
the person fetched a cup and plate , .
the person positioned a cup and plate on the counter .
the person placed his hands on the counter , .
the person waited for the coffee to finish , .
the person obtained milk from the fridge , .
the person placed the milk on the counter , .
the person turned off the coffee pot .
the person poured some coffee into the cup , .
the person dashed some coffee with milk , .
the person stirred some coffee .
the person drank a sip of coffee , .
the person grabbed the coffee pot from the maker , .
the person placed the coffee pot on the counter .
the person returned the coffee maker to the drawer .
the person placed his knuckles on the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person took a box of filters and a can of coffee from the cabinet .
the person used the coffee pot to pour water into the maker .
the person put a coffee filter into the maker .
the person added some coffee .
the person took a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person looked into the cabinets .
the person returned to the counter .
the person waited the coffee brewed .
the person took cream from the refrigerator .
the person placed the cream on the counter .
the person turned the maker off .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person put cream in the coffee .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person tasted the coffee .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person put the cream in the refrigerator and the coffee maker under the counter .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a coffee machine out of the drawer .
the person plugged the coffee machine into the electric outlet .
the person grabbed coffee out of the cabinet .
the person poured water into the coffee machine using the sink .
the person placed the coffee powder into the coffee machine .
the person grabbed a small cup out of the cabinet .
the person poured the coffee into the small cup .
the person added coffee creamer into the cup of coffee .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a coffee maker out of the cabinet .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person took filters and coffee out of the cabinet .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the reservoir of the coffee maker .
the person took out a filter .
the person put a filter in the coffee maker .
the person spooned three scooped of coffee into the filter .
the person put the coffee pot back on the coffee maker .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person took a cup and saucer out of the cabinet and a spoon out of the drawer .
the person took the milk out of the refrigerator .
the person poured a cup of coffee , .
the person added milk .
the person stirred a coffee .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person put the milk and coffee maker away .
the person removed a coffee maker from the drawer .
the person plugged the coffee maker into the outlet .
the person removed coffee filters and ground coffee from the cabinet .
the person added water to the coffee machine .
the person put a coffee filter into the machine .
the person added three scooped of coffee into the filter .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person placed the filters and coffee container back in the cabinet .
the person removed a cup and plate from another cabinet .
the person took out a spoon from the drawer .
the person took out milk from the refrigerator .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person added milk to the cup .
the person removed a coffeemaker from a cabinet .
the person retrieved coffee and coffee filters from a cabinet .
the person filled the coffee maker with water .
the person put a filter in the coffee maker .
the person put some coffee in the filter .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person got a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person removed some milk from the fridge .
the person poured some coffee in the cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a coffee maker from the cabinets .
the person plugged a coffee maker into the recessed outlet on the counter .
the person removed coffee , coffee filters , and another item from the cabinets .
the person filled up the carafe with a little water .
the person poured the water into the back of the coffee machine .
the person folded the coffee filter .
the person put the coffee filter in the machine .
the person scooped three spoons of coffee into the filter .
the person closed the machine .
the person replaced the empty carafe on the machine .
the person removed a saucer , cup , and spoon from the drawers .
the person waited for the coffee to perk .
the person checked the cabinets .
the person checked the fridge .
the person removed cream .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person poured a little cream into the cup , .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person replaced the cream in the fridge .
the person began to clean up .
the person took a coffee brewer out of a drawer .
the person plugged a coffee brewer into a counter-top outlet .
the person took some coffee and filtered out of the pantry .
the person poured some water into the coffee beaker .
the person poured some water into the brewer .
the person put the filter in the brewer .
the person added coffee grounds to the filter .
the person turned on the brewer .
the person put the filters and tin of coffee grounds away .
the person took a coffee cup and plate out of the cupboard .
the person waited for the coffee to finish brewing .
the person poured some coffee into the cup with some creamer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a coffee pot .
the person plugged the coffee pot into a power source .
the person took a bag of coffee filters and a canister out of the cabinet .
the person filled the removable pot with water from the sink .
the person poured the water into the reservoir of the coffee pot .
the person slid open the front panel to reveal another compartment .
the person carefully opened one coffee filter .
the person put one coffee filter in the compartment .
the person added scooped of coffee grounds from the canister to the coffee filter .
the person closed the compartment .
the person put the removable pot back in the pot spot over the burner of the coffee pot .
the person turned on the coffee pot .
the person put the bag of filters and canister of coffee back in the cabinet .
the person pulled out a cup and saucer .
the person added a spoon to the cup and saucer and some creamer from the refrigerator .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person waited .
the person poured a cup of coffee , added some creamer .
the person stirred the coffee with the spoon .
the person took a sip of the coffee .
the person got a coffee maker from a drawer .
the person put a coffee maker on the counter .
the person plugged in the maker .
the person got coffee and filters from the cabinet .
the person put water in the pot .
the person poured the water into the maker .
the person put the filter in the maker .
the person added coffee .
the person started the maker .
the person put the coffee and filters back in the cabinet .
the person got out a cup and saucer .
the person got a spoon from a drawer and milk from the refrigerator .
the person poured coffee in the cup .
the person added milk .
the person stirred the coffee up .
the person sat the pot on the counter .
the person put the milk back in the refrigerator .
the person put the maker back in the drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a coffee maker .
the person opened the electric socket .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took out the coffee and coffee liners .
the person took the coffee pot .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person placed the coffee filter .
the person poured the coffee ground in the coffee maker .
meanwhile , the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person waited a long time for the coffee to finished being made .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person poured creamer or milk into the coffee .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out the coffee maker .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person got out coffee .
the person poured the water into the pot , .
the person poured the water into the coffee maker .
the person placed a filter in the coffee maker .
the person placed the coffee in the maker .
the person put the coffee away .
the person got out a cup .
the person placed a cup on the counter .
the person got out some milk from the refrigerator .
the person poured the coffee in the cup .
the person added milk .
the person put the milk back in the refrigerator .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person reached into the cupboard .
the person pulled out a coffee maker .
the person went into another cupboard .
the person got out coffee .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person dumped the water into the coffee maker .
the person put in the coffee filter , .
the person put coffee in the coffee filter .
the person turned on the machine .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the coffee maker from the cabinet .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person took a filter , ground coffee , and powdered creamer from the cabinet .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the reservoir of the coffee maker .
the person placed the filter into the coffee maker .
the person put three scooped of ground coffee into the filter .
the person replaced the coffee pot .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person smelled of the powdered creamer .
the person returned the powdered creamer to the cabinet .
the person got a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person got milk from the refrigerator .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person poured some milk into the coffee .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person walked in .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person looked for coffee in the cupboard .
the person added water to the coffee maker .
the person added three measures of coffee to the coffee filter .
the person turned the machine on .
the person put the dry coffee back in the cupboard , .
the person took out a saucer and cup .
the person waited several minutes for the coffee to brew .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person added some creamer .
the person returned the coffee maker and the creamer .
the person grabbed a coffee maker .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person grabbed a bag of coffee .
the person poured some water in the coffee maker .
the person placed a filter in .
the person added coffee to the filter .
the person turned the machine on .
the person put the ingredients away .
the person grabbed a cup and saucer .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the counter .
the person waited for the coffee .
the person grabbed some cream .
the person smelled some cream .
the person poured some coffee into the cup .
the person added some cream to the coffee .
the person took a sip of the coffee .
the person put everything away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person got a bowl , cutting board , juicer and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed everything .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced one half of the lime on the juicer .
the person put the leftover rind in the bowl .
the person repeated the juicing process with the other lime half .
the person rinsed his hands and the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person threw away the lime rinds .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person put the bowl away .
the person got a glass from the pantry .
the person poured the lime juice into the glass .
the person washed the juicer .
the person put the juicer away .
the person got a lime from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the lime in a sink .
the person got a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person put the lime in a metal bowl .
the person got a knife , cutting board , and a hand juicer from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced one half of the lime on the juicer .
the person juiced the other half of the lime on the juicer .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the knife in the sink .
the person put the cutting board and the knife away .
the person put the lime half 's in the trash can .
the person got a glass from a cabinet .
the person poured the lime juice in the glass .
the person washed the juicer in the sink .
the person put the juicer away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the lime off in the sink .
the person retrieved a metal bowl .
the person rinsed a metal bowl off .
the person retrieved a cutting board , knife , and plastic hand-juicer .
the person rinsed the hand-juicer .
the person sliced the lime in half on the cutting board with the knife .
the person squeezed one half of the lime down and onto the hand-juicer .
the person twisted the half of lime over the juicer to expel the juice from the half of lime .
the person discarded the half .
the person juiced the other half of the lime over the hand-juicer .
the person discarded the remains of this half as well .
the person washed his hands , knife , cutting board , and metal bowl in the sink .
the person put the utensils back from where he had retrieved the utensils .
the person poured the lime juice from the hand-juicer into a glass .
the person cleaned the hand-juicer in the sink .
the person put the hand-juicer away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person rinsed the lime .
the person rinsed a bowl .
the person got a container and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person also got a knife .
the person rinsed the container .
the person removed excess water from the container .
the person cut the lime in half with the knife .
the person assembled the container to make the container able to juice the lime .
the person pressed one lime half on the juicer .
the person twisted one lime half until the juice came out .
the person put the lime in a metal bowl the lime was out of juice .
the person juiced the second half of the lime in the same way as the first half .
the person rinsed off his utensils and bowl and cutting board .
the person put things away before .
the person put the lime juice in a glass .
the person cleaned the juicer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a lime .
the person washed the lime .
the person got a bowl from the drawer .
the person rinsed a bowl .
the person took a juicer and cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the juicer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person washed his hands and the utensils .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the lime juice into the glass .
the person washed the juicer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed lime from refrigerator .
the person washed the lime in sink .
the person took bowl from drawer .
the person washed the bowl .
the person picked cutter board , knife and juicer bowl from drawer .
the person washed the juicer bowl in sink .
the person placed the lime in cutter board .
the person sliced the lime in half width-wise across its center with paring knife .
the person hold the half lime in squeezer .
the person squeezed the lime to extract the juice .
the person squeezed the lime , the juice run out to juicer bowl .
the person repeated the squeeze for another half .
the person cleaned the knife and cutter board .
the person discard the waste lime .
the person washed the bowl .
the person took one glass from cupboard .
the person poured the lime juice in glass .
the person washed the juicer bowl .
the person kept the juicer bowl in drawer .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a lime .
the person washed a lime in the sink , .
the person got a metal bowl .
the person got a knife , cutting board , and a plastic juicer .
the person set a knife , cutting board on the counter .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person rubbed each half on the top of the juicer to remove the juice .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person got a glass from the cupboard .
the person poured the juice into a glass , .
the person washed the juicer .
the person put the juicer away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person picked a lime .
the person washed the lime with water .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a stainless steel bowl .
the person washed a stainless steel bowl too .
the person placed the lime in the bowl .
the person also took a lime juicer , .
the person took a knife and cutting board , .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the prep area .
the person washed a lime juicer .
the person cut the lime into two pieces .
the person closed the lid of the juicer .
the person squeezed the lime with the juicer .
the person finished squeezing .
the person washed his hands and the knife with a brush .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person washed the bowl with a scrub .
the person kept the bowl back in the drawer .
the person opened the cupboard , .
the person took a glass .
the person placed a glass in the prep area .
the person opened the juicer .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person washed the juicer with a brush .
the person kept back in the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the lime .
the person took a bowl from a drawer .
the person took a juicer , cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the juicer in the sink .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person put the rind in the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person discard the lime rinds .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person took a glass from the cabinet .
the person put the lime juice in a glass .
the person washed the juicer in the sink .
the person scrubbed the strainer with a brush .
the person put the juicer away .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the lime in the sink .
the person removed a bowl from the drawer .
the person rinsed a bowl .
the person took out a juicer , a knife and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the juicer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person manually juiced each half of the lime .
the person placed the used lime halves in the bowl .
the person washed the knife , cutting board , and bowl , .
the person put the knife , cutting board , and bowl away .
the person removed a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the lime juice in the glass .
the person washed the juicer in the sink .
the person put the juicer away .
the person went to the refrigerator , .
the person took out a lime , .
the person washed a lime .
the person took out a stainless steel bowl , .
the person rinsed a stainless steel bowl , .
the person put the lime in a stainless steel bowl .
the person got out the plastic juicer , the cutting board and the knife .
the person rinsed out the juicer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person squeezed the lime by twisting the lime thoroughly .
the person did the same with the second half of the lime .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person cleaned both the knife and the cutting board , .
the person shook the knife and the cutting board dry .
the person put the knife and the cutting board away .
the person threw out the shell of the lime .
the person washed the bowl , .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person retrieved a glass .
the person poured the juice in the glass .
the person thoroughly cleaned the juicer .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator , .
the person took out a lime .
the person rinsed a lime .
the person took a bowl .
the person rinsed a bowl .
the person took a plastic juicer .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
also rinsed a plastic juicer .
the person placed the lime on the cutting board .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person took one lime half , .
the person placed one lime half on the juicer .
the person squeezed the juice out .
the person placed the rind in the bowl .
the person squeezed the other lime half on the juicer .
the person placed the second half in the bowl also .
the person rinsed his hands , .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put away the knife .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away also .
the person discarded the rinds in the trash can .
the person cleaned the bowl .
the person put the bowl away in the drawer .
the person took a glass out .
the person poured the lime juice in a glass .
the person cleaned the juicer .
the person put the juicer back in the drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person went to the sink .
where the person rinsed the lime .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a bowl from a drawer .
the person went to the sink .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person placed the lime in the bowl , .
the person took out a citrus juicer , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person rinsed the juicer in the sink .
the person cut the lime in halves .
the person began to juice on half of the lime .
the person took the other half of the lime .
the person began to juice the other half of the lime .
the person finished , he went to the sink .
the person washed his hands .
the person began to clean up the area by rinsing the knife .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person threw away the lime skin .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person transferred the lime juice into a glass .
the person began to rinse the juicer .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a lime , .
the person washed a lime .
the person took out a bowl , .
the person washed a bowl , .
the person put the lime in a bowl .
the person obtained a juicer , cutting board , and knife , .
the person washed the juicer .
the person cut the lime in half , .
the person assembled the juicer .
juiced each half of the lime , .
the person discarded the fruit in the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board , .
the person threw out the fruit .
the person washed the bowl .
the person took out a glass .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person cleaned the juicer .
the person put the juicer away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a lime .
the person washed the lime .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person took a stainless steel bowl .
the person washed the bowl .
the person placed the lime in the bowl on the prep area .
the person took a juicer bowl and cutting board out of the drawer .
the person washed the bowl well .
the person cut the lime into half .
the person squeezed the lime in the juicer with his hand .
the person washed his hands and the knife well .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a glass .
the person opened the lid of juicer .
the person transferred the juice to the glass .
the person washed the juicer well with soap .
the person grabbed a lime and a bowl .
the person placed everything on the counter .
the person grabbed a juicer .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person rinsed the juicer off .
the person sliced the lime into two halves .
the person squeezed the lime halved juiceless using the juicer .
the person washed everything off .
the person put things back where the things belonged .
the person poured the lime juice into a glass .
the person removed one lime from the fridge .
the person rinsed the lime in the sink .
the person placed the lime into a metal bowl .
the person took a cutting board , a knife , and a juicer from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person pressed one half .
the person twisted one half on the juicer .
the person placed the empty lime skin into the metal bowl .
the person twisted the second half of the lime onto the juicer .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person put the knife and cutting board back into the drawer .
the person threw the lime skins into the trash .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person took a tall glass from the cupboard .
the person poured the lime juice into the glass .
the person rinsed the juicer .
the person put the juicer away .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed lime out the fridge .
the person grabbed a silver bowl and plastic juicer out the cabinet .
the person rinsed the container and bowl using the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person used the juicer for both pieces of lime .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person tossed the leftover lime skins into the garbage .
the person poured the lime juice into a tall glass .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed off the lime in the sink , .
the person removed a bowl from the drawer .
the person rinsed out the bowl .
the person placed the lime in the bowl .
the person also removed a juicer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the juicer out , .
the person squeezed the limes over the juicer .
the person placed the lime peeled in the silver bowl , .
the person rinsed off the knife in the sink .
the person placed the knife back in the drawer .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person tossed the lime peeled in the trash .
the person rinsed out the silver bowl .
the person removed a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the lime juice into a glass .
the person entered in clean kitchen .
the person took a lime from refrigerator .
the person washed a lime .
the person took a steel pot .
also washed a steel pot .
the person also took a plastic tiffun mat and a knife .
the person cut lime made two pieces .
the person begun grabbing lime on top of tiffun .
the person washed hands , mat and knife .
the person put the mat and knife in drawer .
the person also put pot in drawer .
the person took a glass from cupboard .
the person put all lime , water in glass .
the person washed tiffun .
the person put the tiffun in cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out two onions .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the onions into the trash .
the person put the peeled onions into the sink .
the person cut the onions into small pieces .
the person took out a skillet .
the person put the cut onion into the skillet .
the person added olive oil to the skillet .
the person mixed the onion with a wooden spatula .
the person removed the skillet from the heat .
the person cleaned the cutting board and spatula .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two small onions from the pantry .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the onions .
the person got a cutting board .
the person cut one of the onions into small pieces .
the person got a pan from under the stove .
the person put the onion pieces into a pan .
the person cut the second onion into small pieces .
the person added the pieces of the second onion to the pan .
the person turned the stove on .
the person got oil from the pantry .
the person added some to the onions .
the person removed a spatula from the drawer .
the person used a spatula to stir the onion .
the onion cooked , .
the person washed the knife .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two onions out of the cabinet .
the person got a knife out of a drawer .
the person walked to the trash .
the person peeled the onions over the trash can .
the person peeled each of the onions .
the person put each onion in the sink .
the person got a cutting board out .
the person cut one onion in slices .
the person took out a skillet .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person put the sliced onion in the skillet .
the person cut the second onion .
the person turned the stove on .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person cooked the onions until they were brown .
the person added some oil to the pan .
the person stirred the onions .
the person stirred the onions .
the person washed the knife in the sink .
the person took the skillet off the heat .
the person washed the cutting board and spoon .
the person went into the cupboard .
the person got two onions .
the person got a knife .
the person peeled the skin off the onion into the trashcan .
the person put the skinned onions on the sink .
the person got out a round cutting board .
the person chopped up one onion .
the person got out a skillet .
the person put a skillet on the stove .
the person put the chopped onion into the skillet .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got oil out of the cabinet .
the person put oil in the pan with the onions .
the person put the oil back .
the person cooked the onion .
the person stirred the onion occasionally .
the person leaned the knife .
the person cleaned his dishes .
the person turned off the stove .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed two onions out the cabinet .
the person grabbed a knife out the drawer .
the person peeled the onions using the knife .
the person tossed the onion skins into the garbage .
the person grabbed a cutting board out the drawer .
the person chopped the onions on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a frying pan .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person tossed the onions into the frying pan .
the person poured oil into the frying pan .
the person cooked the onions using the frying pan .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed two onions from a cabinet .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person peeled one onion over the trash .
the person grabbed the second onion .
the person peeled the second onion over the trash .
the person put the second onion in the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut one onion in small pieces .
the person grabbed a pan from a drawer , .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person put the onion pieces on a pan .
the person grabbed the second onion .
the person cut the second onion into small pieces .
the person threw a small piece of onion in the trash .
the person put the rest of the onion pieces on the pan .
the person turned on the stove .
the person grabbed oil from a cabinet .
the person poured the oil over the onions .
the person grabbed a wooden spatula from a drawer .
the person stirred the onions in the pan .
the person threw the onion excess on the knife in the trash .
the person washed the knife .
the person stirred the onions with the spatula .
the person changed the temperature of the stove .
the person stirred the onions with the spatula .
the person turned off the stove .
the person stirred the onions with the spatula .
the person washed the spatula and cutting board at the sink .
the person got two small onions from the pantry .
the person got a knife .
the person used a knife to cut part of the onions into the trash .
the person peeled the onions over the trash .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person sliced a small onion .
the person chopped the onion into smaller pieces .
the person put a frying pan on the stove .
the person put the first onion in the pan .
the person chopped the other onion into small pieces .
the person put the second onion into the pan as well .
the person threw out extra pieces of onion .
the person got oil from the pantry .
the person put the oil in with the onion .
the person stirred the onion with a wooden utensil .
the person cleaned up a bit .
the person continued to stir the onions .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out two onions .
the person took out a knife from a drawer .
the person opened the cabinet that contained the trash bin .
the person used the knife , he peeled the onions over the trash .
the person let the peel drop into the trash bin .
the person took out a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person placed an onion on the cutting board .
the person sliced an onion into small pieces .
the person took a pan out , .
the person placed a pan on the stove , .
the person placed the onions into a pan .
the person sliced the other onion into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person placed this onion in the pan also .
the person pressed buttons on the stove .
the person took out oil from the cabinet .
the person sprinkled some oil into the pan .
the person put the oil back into the cabinet .
the person took out a spatula .
the person used a spatula to stir the onions in the pan .
the person cleaned the knife in the sink .
the person continued stirring the onions until they were browned .
the person put the knife away .
the person cleaned the cutting board and spatula , .
the person put the cutting board and spatula away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out two onions from the cabinet .
the person peeled the onions .
the person put a cutting board onto the counter .
the person cut the onions into thin slices on the cutting board .
the person took out a saute pan .
the person put a saute pan on the stove .
the person dumped some of the sliced onion into the pan .
the person went back .
the person dumped the rest of the onions into the pan .
the person sauteed the onions .
the onions cooked , .
the person poured in olive oil .
the person washed his utensils , the knife , the spoon , and the cutting board .
the person took two shallots from the cupboard , and a knife from beneath the counter .
the person used the knife and peeled the shallots over the trash can .
the person peeled the shallots , .
the person cut the shallots into small pieces .
the person took out a frying pan from under the stove .
the person dumped all the shallot bits into the pan .
the person cut up the other shallot as well , .
the person dumped the other shallot into the pan too .
the person turned the heat on , .
the shallots cooked , .
the person got a bottle of oil from the cupboard .
the person added a small amount of oil to the shallots in the pan .
the person took out a wooden spatula .
the person stirred the shallots around with a wooden spatula as they cooked .
the person washed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person tended to the shallots with the spatula .
the person moved the pan to an unheated burner .
the person washed the cutting board and spatula , .
the person turned off the heat .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two onions and a knife .
the person peeled the onion over the trashcan , .
the person discarded the skins .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person diced one onion .
the person took out a pan .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person added the diced onion to the pan , .
the person diced the other onion .
the person added the onion .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person took out a bottle of oil .
the person added some oil to the pan .
the person took out a spatula .
the person stirred the onions .
the person washed the knife .
the person stirred the onions occasionally .
a few minutes , the person washed the spatula and cutting board , .
the person turned off the stove .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person retreaved an onion .
the person peeled the onion into the trash , with a small knife .
the person diced the onion into small peices .
the person added the onion to a pan with oil .
the person browned the onions in the pan for several mins .
the person rinsed off his knife and cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two small onions from the cupboard .
the person got out a knife , .
the person went to the garbage .
the person peeled each onion .
the person put the peeled onions in the sink .
the person got out a round cutting board .
the person diced the first onion , .
the person got out a skillet .
the person put the diced onion in the skillet .
the person diced the second onion .
the person put the diced onion in the skillet .
the person got out some oil .
the person poured some oil over the diced onions .
the person turned on the range , .
the person got a wooden spatula .
the person cooked the onions on the range .
the person stirred the onions with the wooden spatula .
the person set the spatula down .
the person washed the knife in the sink .
the person stirred the onions in the skillet until they were golden brown .
the person took the onions off the heat , .
the person washed the cutting board and spatula in the sink .
the person got two small onions from a cabinet .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person peeled the onions over a trash can with the knife .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person diced the onions on the cutting board .
the person added the onions to the frying pan .
the person added oil to the pan of onions .
the person washed the knife in the sink .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person entered .
the person removed two onions from the cupboard .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the onions with the knife over the garbage bin .
the person grabbed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut one onion .
the person diced one onion on the cutting board .
the person took a frying pan from the drawer .
the person scraped the diced onion into the frying pan .
the person sliced the second onion .
the person diced the second onion .
the person added the second onion to the pan .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person added olive oil to the onions .
the person grabbed a wooden spoon .
the person stirred around the onions .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person put the knife back into the drawer .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person tended to the onion pieces .
the person turned off the stove .
the person removed the pan from the heat .
the person washed the wooden spoon and cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two onions from the pantry .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person removed the onion skins over the trashcan .
the person put the skinned onions in the sink .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person cut one of the onions into small pieces .
the person set a pan on the stove .
the person added the chopped onion to the pan .
the person chopped the second onion .
the person added the second chopped onion to the pan .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added some olive oil to the pan .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person stirred the onions with a spatula .
the person washed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person continued to stir the onions until they were done .
the person washed the spatula and cutting board .
the person removed two onions from the cabinet .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced one of the onions .
the person removed a skillet from the drawer .
the person placed the diced onion into the skillet .
the person diced the second onion .
the person placed the second onion in the skillet .
the person cooked the onions .
the person removed a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took onion from shelf and knife from drawer .
the person removed onion skin near the bottom drawer of platform .
the person did put onions in sink .
the person took a pad from drawer .
the person took one onion from sink .
the person did cut onion into pieces .
the person took a pan , .
the person put that on burner .
the person put onion pieces on pan .
the the person took another onion from sink .
the person did cut another onion also into pieces .
the person put those pieces also in vessel .
the person started the burner .
the person took a bottle from shelf .
the person purred oil in pan .
the person took a spoon .
the person fried onions .
fry the person cleaned knife with scrub .
the person cleaned pad and spoon with scrub and water .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed two onions from the pantry , .
the person removed a knife from a drawer , .
the person opened the trash can , .
the person placed one onion on the counter , .
the person used the knife to remove the skin and outermost layer of the other one over the trash can , letting the waste material fall into the trash .
the person placed the peeled onion in the sink .
the person placed the other onion in the sink .
the person rejected two other the cutting boards , .
the person removed a small wooden cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a small wooden cutting board on the counter , .
the person placed one of the onions on the small wooden cutting board , .
the person sliced the onion crosswise and lengthwise .
the person removed a frying pan from a drawer , .
the person placed a frying pan on a burner , .
the person scraped the diced onion into the pan with the knife , .
the person picked out a large piece of onion by hand .
the person placed the whole onion on the cutting board .
the person sliced the whole onion crosswise and lengthwise , .
the person picked out a piece of inedible matter .
the person threw a piece of inedible matter in the trash , .
the person scraped the second diced onion into the pan with the knife , .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board , .
the person turned on the burner , .
the person made varios adjustments to the heat for roughly five seconds , .
the person removed a bottle of olive oil from the pantry , .
the person poured a moderate amount into the pan .
the person made more adjustments to the heat , .
the person put the olive oil away , .
the person removed a wooden spatula from a drawer , .
the person moved the onions around the pan for roughly ten seconds .
the person placed the spatula on the cutting board , .
the person picked up the knife .
a stray piece of onion from the board , .
the person threw the latter in the trash , .
the person washed the knife with soap and a wet sponge , .
the person dried the knife with a dishrag .
the person went to the stove .
the person moved the onions around the pan for a few more seconds , .
the person put the knife away .
the person adjusted the heat on the burner , .
the person moved the onions around the pan for roughly two minutes and twenty seconds , .
the person placed the spatula in the pan , .
the person removed the pan from the heat .
the person turned off the burner , .
the person placed the pan on a cool burner , .
the person continued to stir the onions for roughly fifteen more seconds .
the person placed the spatula and cutting board in the sink , .
the person washed the spatula with soap and a wet sponge , .
the person placed the spatula on the counter beside the sink , .
the person washed the cutting board with soap and a wet sponge , .
the person placed the cutting board beside the cutting board , .
the person left the kitchen , .
the person took out an onion and a knife .
the person peeled the onion over the garbage can .
the person chopped the onion on a cutting board .
the person placed a skillet on the stove .
the person threw the onions into the skillet .
the person added a liquid to the skillet .
the person grabbed a spoon .
the person stirred the onions in the skillet .
the person cleaned off his utensils .
the person put everything back .
the person continued browning the onions in a skillet .
the continued washing everything off .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person retrieved one egg , .
the person got two teacups and an egg cup from the cupboard .
the person set two teacups and one egg cup on the counter .
the person placed the egg in the egg cup .
the person used a teaspoon to make a small crack in the top of the egg .
the person removed some of the shell .
the person poured the white out of the hole in the egg and into one of the teacups .
the person removed a little more of the shell .
the person poured the yolk into the other teacup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed an egg from inside of a refrigerator .
the person grabbed two cups .
the person placed the cups and egg stand on a kitchen counter .
an egg stand from a nearby cabinet .
the person placed the egg on the egg stand , .
the person cracked the top of the egg open with a spoon .
the person picked off parts of the egg shell .
the person filled one cup with half of the egg yolk .
the person picked off a little more of the egg shell .
the person poured the other half of the egg yolk into the second cup .
the person placed the two cups away from his on the kitchen counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got an egg .
the person got two bowled from the cabinet .
the person broke the top of the egg .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person opened a hole in top of the egg .
the person drained the white from the egg into one bowl .
the person opened the egg more .
the person poured the yolk into the other bowl .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person removed two cups from the cabinet .
the person also removed an egg holder from the cabinet .
the person took out a spoon from the drawer .
the person cracked the egg with the spoon .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person poured the egg whites into one cup .
the person poured the egg yolk in the other cup .
the person placed the egg shell on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person got two small cups , a plate and an egg cup from the pantry .
the person broke a whole in the egg shell .
the person drained the egg white into one of the cups .
the person broke the rest of the shell .
the person poured the yolk into the second cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an egg from refrigerator , .
the person stepped up to cupboards .
the person picked two cup and an egg holder .
the person walked to cooktop cabinet , .
the person placed the cup and holder in cooktop .
the person placed the egg in holder .
the person picked spoon from cooktop cabinet drawer .
the person tapped at top of the egg .
the person got plate from cupboard .
the person removed the egg shell top .
the person put the egg shell top on plate .
the person poured egg white in right side cup of his , .
the person poured yolk in left cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person got two cups from the cabinet .
the person got an egg cup from the cabinet .
the person cracked the egg .
the person poured the egg white into a cup .
the person poured the egg yolk into a cup .
the person pushed the cups away from his on the counter .
the person stood back from the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person took two cups and an egg holder from the cupboard .
the person placed the egg into the egg holder .
the person cracked the egg with a spoon as it sat in the older .
the person peeled away part of the shell to create a whole in the top of the egg .
the person poured the white of the egg from the whole in the shell into a cup .
the yolk remained in the shell .
the person poured the yolk from the shell into the other cup .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out an egg , two cups and an egg holder .
the person placed the egg on the holder , .
the person took out a spoon .
the person tapped the egg with a spoon .
the person took out a plate .
the person peeled the very tip of the shell .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person turned the egg upside down .
the person poured the egg whites into one cup .
the person removed more of the shell .
the person poured the yolk into the other cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled an egg out .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out two cups .
the person placed the cups on the counter .
the person went back to the cabinet .
the person took out an egg holder , .
the person placed an egg holder on the counter , .
the person placed the egg in an egg holder .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a spoon .
with the spoon , the person began to knock a hole into the top of the egg .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person used the plate to hold the broken pieces of eggshell .
the person poured the white of the egg into on cup .
the person put the yellow part into the other cup .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person got two cups from the cabinet .
the person got an egg cup from the cabinet .
the person place the egg in the egg cup .
the person used a spoon and cracked the egg .
the person got a plate out .
the person poured the egg in a cup .
the person placed the shell on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person retrieved an egg from the fridge .
the person took two coffee cups from a cupboard .
the person set two coffee cups on the counter .
the person also took an egg cup from the cupboard .
the person retrieved a spoon from a drawer , .
the person returned to the cupboard .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person returned to the counter .
the person set the plate down .
the person carefully peeled only the very tip of the egg .
the person drained the egg whites out into one of the coffee cups .
the egg whites drained out from the hole in the top of the egg .
the person peeled the top to make the opening wider .
the person dropped the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator and took out an egg .
the person went to the refrigerator and took out an egg .
the person took two mugs out of the cabinet .
the person took an egg cup out of the cabinet .
the person put the egg into the egg cup .
the person took a spoon out of the drawer .
the person cracked the egg with the spoon .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person put the egg on the plate .
the person peeled the top off the cracked shell .
the person poured the egg white into one of the mugs .
the person peeled more of the cracked shell from the egg .
the person poured the egg yolk into the other mug .
the person put the empty shell on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person got two cups out of the cupboard .
the person got an egg holder .
the person placed the egg in the holder .
the person got a spoon out of a drawer .
the person tapped the egg shell with the spoon softly .
the person got a small plate out of the cupboard .
the person held the egg above a small plate .
the person removed a few shell pieces from the top of the egg .
the person poured the whites of the egg carefully into one cup .
the person removed more pieces from the egg shell .
the person poured the whole egg yolk into the second cup .
the person placed the rest of the egg shell on the plate .
the person came in .
the person grabbed an egg from the fridge .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got two mugs and an egg stand .
the person placed the egg in the egg stand .
the person got a small spoon from the drawer .
the person used the spoon to gently crack the top of egg .
the person went .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person broke a small opening into the top of egg , .
the person placed the shell piece on the plate .
the person carefully poured just the whites of the egg into one of the mug through the little hole he made in the top of the egg .
the person broke more of the shell away .
the person put the yolk into the other mug .
the person took an egg from a fridge .
the person went to a cupboard .
the person took out two coffee cups and an eggcup .
the person had placed the egg into the eggcup .
the person took a teaspoon from a drawer .
the person hit the egg with a teaspoon , .
the person brought out a small plate .
carefully peeled the top shell of the egg onto a small plate .
the person was able to carefully pour the white of the egg out of the shell into one of the coffee cups , .
the person rotated the egg to ensure that all of the white of the egg came out .
the person removed more of the eggshell .
the person tipped out the yolk into the other cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved two bowled , a spoon , a small cup , and an egg from the refrigerator and cupboard .
the person placed the egg in a small cup .
the person used the spoon to crack a hole in the egg .
the person placed the egg white into the other bowl .
the person widened the hole in the egg .
the person poured the yolk into one bowl , .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got an eggcup from the cupboard .
the person placed the egg in the eggcup .
the person cracked the top of the egg with a spoon .
the person placed the broken bits of egg shell into a saucer .
the person carefully poured the white of the egg into one of the custard cups .
the person poured the yolk into the other custard cup .
the person got an egg from a refrigerator .
the person got two cups and a egg holder from a cabinet .
the person got a tiny spoon from a drawer .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person broke a tiny part of the egg off the top .
the person poured the egg white out of the egg into one cup .
the person made the hole bigger .
the person poured the egg yolk into the second cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person took two cups and an egg holder from the cabinet .
the person cracked the top of the egg with a spoon .
the person took a saucer from the cabinet .
the person peeled the egg over a saucer .
the person poured the egg white into one cup .
the person peeled the egg more .
the person poured the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person filled the coffee maker with water .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person brought a filter and coffee from the cabinet .
the person put the filter and coffee in the coffee maker .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person put the coffee can back in the cabinet .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the counter .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person pulled an automatic drip coffee maker out from under the counter .
the person placed the coffee maker on the counter .
the person removed the carafe .
the person took the carafe over to the sink .
partially filled the carafe with water .
the person poured the water from the carafe into the coffee maker reservoir .
the person replaced the carafe on the coffee maker .
the person closed the lid to the reservoir .
the person opened the filter compartment .
the person pulled up the recessed electrical outlet from the counter .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person got a filter and a container of ground coffee .
the person returned to the counter with a filter and a container of ground coffee .
the person placed the filter into the filter compartment .
the person added two scooped of ground coffee .
the person closed the filter compartment .
the person turned the coffee maker switch on .
the person returned the ground coffee to the cabinet .
the person got a coffee cup and saucer from another cabinet .
the person brought a coffee cup and saucer back to the counter .
the person set a coffee cup and saucer down beside the coffee maker .
the person waited patiently for his coffee , .
leaning over periodically to get a better look .
the coffee was finished , the person turned the switch off .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person pushed the recessed electrical outlet back down into the counter , .
the person removed the carafe , .
the person poured himself a cup of coffee , .
the person returned the carafe to the coffee maker .
the person got a coffee maker from a drawer .
the person added water to the coffee maker .
the person got coffee and filters from a cabinet .
the person put a filter in the maker .
the person put coffee in the filter .
the person put the coffee and the filters away .
the person got a plate and cup from the cabinet .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person removed a coffee maker from the cabinet .
the person filled the coffee maker with water .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person retrieved a coffee filter and coffee from the cabinet .
the person put the filter in the coffee maker .
the person put some coffee in the filter .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person got a cup and saucer .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the coffee maker from the cabinet .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the back reservoir of the coffee maker .
the person returned the coffee pot to the coffee maker .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person took ground coffee and a filter from the cabinet .
the person put the filter in the coffee maker .
the person scooped two scooped of coffee into the filter .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person got a mug from the cabinet .
the person waited for the coffee to percolate .
the person poured the coffee into the mug .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a drip coffee pot of the cabinet .
the person placed the coffee maker on the counter .
the person took the coffee pot from the coffee maker .
the person poured water into the coffee pot .
the person poured the water from the pot into the coffee maker .
the person placed the coffee pot in the coffee maker .
the person plugged the coffee maker up .
the person took a coffee filter and a tin can out of the cupboard .
the person placed the coffee filter into the coffee maker .
the person scooped coffee from the tin can into the coffee maker .
the person closed the top part up .
the person put the tin can back into the cupboard .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person placed the cup and saucer on the counter .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person grabbed a coffee maker .
the person placed the coffee maker onto the counter .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person plugged the coffee maker into the outlet .
the person placed a filter in the coffee maker .
the person placed some coffee into the filter .
the person placed the coffee bag back into the pantry .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the counter .
the person waited for the coffee maker to finish .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker from under the counter .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person poured the pot into the coffee maker .
the person replaced the pot .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person got some coffee and a filter from the pantry .
the person put the filter in the coffee maker .
the person added some coffee on top of the filter .
the person closed the coffee maker .
the person got a cup and saucer from the pantry .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person looked at the spices .
the person paced the coffee brewed .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured some coffee into the cup .
the person removed an electric coffee maker from the cabinet .
the person put the electric coffee maker on the counter .
the person took the carafe to the sink .
the person filled the carafe with water .
the person poured the water in the coffee maker .
the person put the carafe on the coffee maker .
the person opened the filter container .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person got a coffee filter and a can of coffee from the cupboard .
the person put the filter in the coffee maker .
the person added two scooped of coffee .
the person started the coffee maker .
the person got a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person put the cup and saucer on the counter .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the coffee was done , the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured some coffee in the cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a drip coffee pot of the cabinet .
the person took the coffee pot out .
the person filled the coffee pot with water in the sink .
the person poured the water out of the pot into the reservoir .
the person plugged in the coffee pot .
the person opened the section for the coffee grounds .
the person went into the cupboard .
the person took out a filter and the coffee .
the person put the filter into the pot .
the person put two scooped of coffee in the pot .
the person turned on the pot .
the person put the coffee away .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person unplugged the coffee pot .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person took a coffee maker out from a cabinet .
the person placed the coffee maker on the counter .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured all of the water into the coffee maker .
the person put the coffee pot back in its place .
the person opened the coffee maker .
the person plugged the coffee maker into an electrical outlet on the counter .
the person looked in the cabinet for coffee and coffee filters .
the person placed a filter into the machine , .
the person scooped coffee into the machine , .
the person closed the machine .
the person made sure the machine was working .
the person took a cup and saucer out from a cabinet .
the person stood .
the person waited for the coffee to be finished .
the person unplugged the machine .
the person poured coffee from the pot to his cup .
the person placed the pot back into the machine .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a coffee machine out of the drawer .
the person poured water into the coffee machine .
the person plugged the coffee machine into the electric outlet .
the person grabbed coffee out of the cabinet .
the person poured the coffee powder into the coffee machine .
the person grabbed a cup and plate out of the cabinet .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a coffee maker from a cupard .
the person placed the coffee maker on the counter .
the person removed the pot , .
the person filled the pot partially with tap water .
the person poured the pot into the coffee maker .
the person secured the pot back in its place .
the person opened the coffee compartment .
before the person plugged the coffee comapartment in .
the person went to a cupard .
the person inserted the filter followed by two tablespoons of grounds into the compartment .
the person closed the compartment .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person returned the coffee grounds to the cupard .
out of another cupard , the person pulled down a mug and saucer .
the person brought a mug and saucer to the counter .
the person spent some time staring at the machine .
the person changed positions about eight times , .
bent to look at the pot as the pot filled slowly .
the person idly walked to the spice rack .
over a four minute period the person took turns staring at the machine .
bent staring at the pot .
the person observed that the coffee had finished .
first , the person turned off the coffee maker .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person got out a small coffee maker .
the person set the coffeemakers on the counter-top .
the person removed the coffee pot from the coffeemakers .
the person filled the coffee pot with water from the tap .
the person poured the water into the reservoir of the coffeemaker .
the person plugged the coffeemaker into an electrical outlet , .
the person got out a can of coffee grounds and a paper filter .
the person placed the filter in the basket of the coffeemaker .
the person put coffee grounds in the filter .
the person closed the lid over the basket .
the person started the coffeemaker .
the person put away the can of coffee .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person set the cup on the saucer .
the person waited the coffee brewed .
the person unplugged the machine .
the person took out the pot of coffee .
the person filled the cup with coffee .
the person placed the pot with the remaining coffee back in the coffeemaker .
the person placed the coffee maker on the counter .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the coffee maker .
the person plugged the coffee maker into the outlet .
the person grabbed a filter and coffee grounds from the cabinet .
the person placed a filter in a manual coffee maker .
the person scooped the coffee grounds into the filter .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person returned the coffee grounds to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a coffee mug and saucer from the cabinet .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured coffee into the coffee mug .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a coffee maker from a cabinet .
the person took the coffee pot .
the person filled the coffee pot with water at the sink .
the person poured the pot into the top of the coffee maker .
the person opened the filtering section of the coffee maker , .
the person plugged the cord into an outlet .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person retrieved a paper filter and a can of coffee .
the person placed the coffee filter in the coffee maker .
the person placed two large spoons of coffee into the filter .
the person closed the coffee maker 's filter section .
the person got a cup and saucer from the the cabinet .
the person waited fro the coffee to brew for some minutes .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out the coffee maker .
the person put water in the coffee pot .
the person poured the water in the coffee maker .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person added a coffee filter and coffee ground .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person took out a coffee cup and saucer .
the person watched the coffee maker make coffee .
the person waited a long time for the coffee to finish .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured his coffee into the coffee cup .
the person removed a coffee machine from the drawer .
the person added water to the coffee pot .
the person poured the water into the coffee machine .
the person plugged the coffee machine into an outlet .
the person took out coffee and a coffee filter from the cabinet .
the person placed the filter and some coffee into the machine .
the person turned on the machine .
the person removed a cup and plate from the cabinet .
the person waited for the coffee to be made .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person took a coffee maker from the cabinet .
the person added water to the coffee maker .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person took a filter and coffee from the cabinet .
the person put a filter in the coffee machine .
the person added coffee to the coffee machine .
the person put away the coffee .
the person took a cup from the cabinet .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person put some water in the coffee pot .
the person poured the water in the coffee maker with the coffee pot .
the person hooked the coffee maker to a device on the counter .
the person opened the pantry .
the person got a coffee strainer and some coffee .
the person put the strainer in the top part of the coffee maker .
the person put two spoonfuls in the the coffee strainer .
the person closed the top part up .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a coffee cup and saucer .
the person waited for the coffee to get done .
the person turned the coffee maker off .
the person poured the coffee in the coffee cup .
the person walked in .
the person grabbed a pomegranate from the fridge and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person thoroughly rinsed off the pomegranate .
the person placed the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person looked through the drawer for a good cutting knife .
the person selected his knife .
the person began cutting the pomegranate .
the person also removed the seeds into the plate .
the person put the other pieces on the counter .
once finished the person rinsed his hands , the knife , and the cutting board off .
the person placed the cutting board on the other side of the sink .
the person threw out the other pieces from the fruit .
the person cleaned the sink out .
the person wiped down the counter with a rag .
the person rung out the rag .
the person hung the rag to dry .
the person entered .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person went to the counter with the fruit .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person took out a knife from a drawer .
the person proceeded to cut the pomegranate .
the person used his hands to break the pomegranate .
the person emptied the seeds onto the plate .
the person got a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the pomegranate in half and in to quarters .
the person removed the seeds from each quarter into the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board and the knife .
the person threw away the peels .
the person wiped off the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person rinsed a pomegranate at the sink .
the person put a pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person got a plate from the cabinet and a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person cut one of the halves of the pomegranate in half again .
the person took the two smaller pieces of the pomegranate .
the person scraped the seeds of each one of two smaller pieces of the pomegranate onto the plate .
the person rinsed his hands and the cutting board in the sink .
the person threw away the rind of the pomegranate .
the person wet a dish towel .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person rinsed the dish towel .
the person hung the dish towel on the faucet .
the person grabbed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person placed a pomegranate on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person rinsed the pomegranate , .
the person placed the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person grabbed a knife , .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person pulled the pomegranate apart .
the person peeled the seeds from the flesh onto the plate .
the person put the scraps aside .
the person washed the cutting board in the sink .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person cleaned the counter with a wet rag .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the pomegranate in the sink .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate on the counter to the cutting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half .
the person cut one slice of the pomegranate in half .
the person seeded one quarter over the plate with his fingers .
the person placed the seeds on the plate .
the pith and skin on the counter .
the person picked up a second quarter of the pomegranate .
the person seeded the second quarter of the pomegranate over the plate .
the person cut the remaining half of the pomegranate in half .
the person seeded one quarter of the pomegranate over the plate .
the person seeded the last quarter of the pomegranate over the plate .
the person placed the scraps on the counter .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person placed the plate forward on the counter .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the other side of the sink .
the person scooped the scraps from the counter .
the person placed the scraps in the waste bin .
the person cleaned the drain screen into the waste bin .
the person took a rag from the sink , .
wet a rag , .
the person wiped the counter .
the person rung the rag .
the person placed the rag over the sink faucet .
the person walked to the fridge .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person took out a cutting board from under the sink .
the person rinsed off the pomegranate with running water .
the person placed a pomegranate on the counter .
the person took a plate out of the pantry , .
the person took out a knife from underneath the counter .
the person cut the pomegranate in half , .
the person cut one of the halves of the pomegranate into quarters .
the person carefully picked the arils out of each piece of the pomegranate , .
the person put the arils on a plate .
the person left the discarded skin and flesh in a pile near the plate .
once the person finished , he rinsed his hands and the cutting board under running water .
the person set the cutting board aside , .
the person discarded the pomegranate leftovers into the trash .
the person cleaned the sink strainer , .
wet a towel with water .
the person wiped down the counter , .
the person washed the towel out .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed a pomegranate .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the pomegranate .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person cut one half of the pomegranate into quarters .
the person removed the seeds onto the plate .
the person quartered the second pomegranate half .
the person added the seeds from the second half of the pomegranate to the plate .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person threw the scraps into the trash .
the person wiped the counter with a wet rag .
the person took a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person took a pomegranate to the counter .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the pomegranate in the sink .
the person got a plate from the cupboard and selected a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person cut each half of the pomegranate into quarters .
the person hand seeded the cut sections onto the plate .
the person piled the pomegranate hull on the counter .
the person washed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person threw the pomegranate hull in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the pomegranate at the sink .
the person grabbed a plate from a cabinet .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the pomegranate in halves .
the person cut one half of the pomegranate into quarters .
the person removed the pomegranate seeds by hand into the plate .
the person took the other quarter of the pomegranate .
the person removed the pomegranate seeds into the plate .
the person grabbed the other half of the pomegranate .
the person cut the half of the pomegranate into quarters .
the person removed the seeds by hand from both quarters of the pomegranate .
the person put the seeds on the plate .
the person washed his hands , cutting board and knife at the sink .
the person threw the pomegranate skins from the counter and sink into the trash .
the person dampened a cloth .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person washed the cloth .
the person placed the cloth on top of the faucet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person approached the refrigerator .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person grabbed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the pomegranate at the sink .
the person grabbed a plate from a cabinet .
the person opened a drawer .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person cut the pomegranate in halves and into quarters .
the person separated the pomegranate seeds from the skin by hand .
the person put the seeds on the plate and the skins on the counter .
the person washed his hands , the cutting board and the knife at the sink .
the person threw all the skin on the counter and sink into the trash .
the person dampened a rag .
the person proceeded to clean the counter and sink .
the person washed the rag .
the person placed the rag on the faucet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved the wooden cutting board and a pomegranate .
the person briefly rinsed the pomegranate in the sink .
the person picked a large plate and an appropriate knife from the drawer .
the person cut the pomegranate down the middle , and again into two halves .
the person took apart the pomegranate by hand , .
the person picked out the seeds .
the person disregarded the excess fruit on the counter top .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person discarded the unusable fruit in the trash .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate from his refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board , .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person placed the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person took a plate , a knife .
the person sliced the pomegranate in to two half .
further sliced the pomegranate to .
the person removed the seeds of pomegranate on to the plate .
the person cleaned his hands as well as the cutting board and knife .
the person threw the pomegranate skin into the garbage .
the person removed what ever was stuck in kitchen sink .
the person took a cleaning towel .
the person cleaned around the kitchen sink .
the person entered into the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took the fruit container bag .
the person took the fruit container bag .
the person picked one pomegranate .
the person kept the pomegranate in the kitchen stage .
the person took the cutting plate .
the person thoroughly washed the fruit by the water .
the person kept the fruit on the cutting plate .
the person opened a vessels wardrobe .
the person took one cleaned plate .
the person kept the cleaned plate near the pomegranate .
the person searched a suitable knife .
select the suitable knife .
the person began to cut the fruit .
first the person cut the fruit into two pieces .
the person took one half of the fruit , .
again the person cut one half of the fruit into two parts .
the person peeled the fruit .
the person took the seeds of the fruit every part .
the person kept the seeds of the fruit in the cleaned plate .
the person washed his hands and the cutting plate .
the person cleaned the place with wet cloth .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person collected a pomegranate , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate into pieces .
the person painstakingly de-seeded the pomegranate by hand .
the person put the pomegranate seeds in the bowl .
the person put the rind in the trash .
the person cleaned the kitchen .
the person entered the room .
the person removed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person went over to the counter , .
the person pulled a cutting board from underneath .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person placed the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person retrieved a plate from a cupboard .
the person placed a plate on the counter beside the cutting board .
the person reached into a drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person replaced a knife .
the person searched for another knife making his decision he had examined several knives .
with a little difficulty the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person cut one of the halves again .
the person began to remove the seeds from a pomegranate .
the person carefully placed the seeds on a plate in front of his by breaking the pomegranate even more so that the seeds were easier to remove .
the person put the peelings to the side of the plate .
the person rinsed off the knife and the cutting board .
the person placed the knife and the cutting board on the opposite side of the sink .
the person opened a drawer that contained a trash can .
the person placed the pomegranate peeled and residue from the sink in the trash .
the person got a rag .
the person wiped down the counter and sink .
the person rinsed out the the rag .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person took out a plate and knife .
the person cut the pomegranate into fourths .
the person removed the seeds onto the plate .
the person washed his hands .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person discarded the pomegranate husk .
the person cleaned the counter with a dishrag .
the person took a pomegranate out of the shelf .
the person took a cutting board .
the person washed the pomegranate well .
the person placed the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person took out a bowl and a sharp knife .
the person cut the pomegranate into two pieces .
the person took one of the halves of the pomegranate .
the person cut one of the halves into half again .
the person took this half of the pomegranate .
the person nudged out the pomegranate seeds -lrb- arils -rrb- into the bowl .
the person pulled the pomegranate seeds out with his fingers .
the person washed his hands , the knife and the cutting board .
the person threw the pieces of rind away .
the person cleared the sink of any waste deposits .
the person wiped the counter clean .
the person hung the cloth to dry .
the person removed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the pomegranate in the sink .
the person took out a bowl from the cabinet .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the pomegranate into fourths .
the person removed the seeds into the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board in the sink .
the person threw the pomegranate skin into the garbage .
the person threw out the scraps that were in the sink .
the person cleaned the counter and sink with a rag .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person prepared a pomegranate by washing a pomegranate off with water .
the person placed the pomegranate on top of the cutting board .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person laid the pomegranate halves on their flat sides .
the person cut the halves of the pomegranate in half again .
the person gutted the pomegranate onto a plate by pulling out the insides of the fruit .
the person placed all of the pomegranate fruit on the plate to her .
the person discarded the peel/skin of the fruit on the counter .
the person took the second quarter of pomegranate .
the person took the third and fourth quarters of the pomegranate .
the person pulled out of insides of the third and fourth quarters of the pomegranate as well .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person cleaned the left over pomegranate peel off of the counter .
the person took a wet rag .
the person cleaned off the counter top .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a pomegranate and cutting board .
the person washed the pomegranate in the sink , .
the person took out a plate and knife .
the person cut the pomegranate in quarters .
the person removed the seeds from one quarter , .
the person put the seeds on the plate .
the person placed the peel on the table .
the person moved on to the quarter , .
the person placed the seeds on the plate .
the person discarded the flesh .
the person washed the cutting board , knife and counter .
the person discarded the flesh into the trash .
the person got a pomegranate from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in a sink .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person cut one half of the pomegranate in half again .
the person picked the seeds out of the pomegranate .
the person put the seeds on the plate .
the person picked all the pomegranate seeds out .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person washed the cutting board and the knife in the sink .
the person put the scrap pomegranate in a trash bin .
the person cleaned the counter with a rag .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a loaf of bread out from the refrigerator .
the person plugged the toaster into the outlet .
the person took two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person flipped the slices .
the person put the slices back in the toaster .
the person placed the loaf of bread back in the refrigerator .
the person placed the toast onto the plate .
the person put the toaster back in the drawer .
the person placed the plate of toast in the cabinet .
the person pulled out the toaster from underneath the cabinet .
the person set the toaster on the countertop .
the person pulled out a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a loaf of bread .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person pulled out two slices of bread .
the person set two slices of bread on the plate .
the person adjusted the temperature on the toaster .
the person placed both slices of bread into the toaster .
the person stood there as the bread toasted .
the person made sure the toaster was heating up .
the person pulled both slices of bread out of the toaster .
the person flipped both slices of bread .
the person pulled two more slices of bread out of the loaf .
the person placed the slices of bread on the plate .
the person picked those two slices up .
the person placed two slices back into the loaf .
the person put the loaf back into the refrigerator .
the person took the two slices of bread out of the toaster .
the person placed two slices of bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person placed the toaster back under the cabinet .
the person grabbed the plate with the toasted bread on the plate .
the person placed the plate in the other refrigerator .
the person left the kitchen .
the person put a toaster , a plate and a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person opened the bread .
the person took out two slices .
the person pushed the lever down on the toaster .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person began to wait for the toaster .
the person adjusted something on the toaste .
the bread popped up .
the person lowered the bread back in the toaster .
the person took two more pieces of bread out of the bag .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person replaced the bread from the plate back in the bag .
the person retied the twist tie on the bread .
the person adjusted something on the toaster .
the toast popped up .
the person took the toast out of the toaster .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster back under the counter .
the person took the toast with the plate .
the person put the toast in the cabinet .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got the toaster out of cupboard along with a plate .
the person walked over .
the person got the bread from the fridge .
the person plugged the toaster into a raised plug socket .
the person took out two slices of bread from the bag .
the person put two slices on the plate .
the person adjusted the toaster setting .
the person put the bread into the toaster .
the person waited for a .
the person took the bread out of the toaster , .
the person turned the bread around .
the person put the bread back in .
before the person adjusted the toaster again .
the person took two more slices of bread out of the bag .
the person put the slices of bread on the plate .
almost immediately the person put the bread back into the bag , .
the person tied the bag up .
the person put the bag in the fridge .
the person took the still not cooked break back out of the toaster .
the person put the bread onto the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster away in a cupboard .
the person put the bread into a cupboard .
the person walked away .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a toaster from underneath the cabinet .
the person walked across the kitchen .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person put the plate on the counter across the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a loaf of bread .
the person put the loaf on the counter .
the person pulled out two pieces .
the person put the pieces into the toaster .
the person waited .
the person waited .
the person pulled out two more .
the person put two more pieces on the plate .
the person had put the two pieces back into the bag .
the person popped his toast up .
the person grabbed the bag of bread .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person put the bread back .
the person grabbed his toast .
the person put the toast side by side on the plate .
the person put the plate into the cabinet .
the person grabbed a toaster .
the person placed the toaster on the counter .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person placed the loaf of bread on the counter .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person placed his hand above the toaster .
the person popped the toast up .
the person flipped the toast over in the toaster .
the person placed two more slices of bread on the plate .
the person grabbed those slices .
the person placed the slices back in the loaf .
the person grabbed the toast .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person cleared off the area .
left .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a toaster .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
from the refrigerator the person got some bread .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person opened the bread .
the person put two slices on the plate .
the person set the toaster .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person waited .
the person adjusted the toaster .
the person turned the bread over .
the person took out more slices of bread .
the person set the slices of bread on the plate .
the person put the slices of bread back in the bag of bread .
the person closed the bag .
the person adjusted the toaster .
the person fastened the bag .
the person put the bag back in the refrigerator .
the person took the bread out of the toaster .
the person put the toaster away .
the person carried the plate to the cabinet .
the person put the plate away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a toaster from the cabinet .
the person placed the toaster on the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person retrieved a plate .
the person put the plate on the counter by the toaster .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took a loaf of bread .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person took two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person put two slices in the toaster .
the person watched the bread in the toaster .
the person flipped the pieces of bread upside-down .
the person continued toasting the pieces of bread .
the person got two more pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person put the pieces of bread on the plate .
the person put the bread on the plate back in the bag with the rest of the loaf .
the person turned the toaster off .
the person put the bread back in the fridge .
the person took the toast out of the toaster .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster away .
the person pulled the toaster out of the cabinet .
the person pulled a plate out of a different cabinet .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person pulled the loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person plugged the toaster into the electrical outlet .
the person pulled out two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person placed the pieces of bread on the plate .
the person placed each piece of bread into the slots of the toaster .
the person pushed down the lever .
the person waited for the bread to toast for about one minute .
the person popped the toast out .
the person turned the pieces of toast around to toast again .
the person pulled two more pieces of bread out .
the person placed the pieces of bread on the plate .
the person put the two pieces of bread back into the plastic wrapper .
the person placed the loaf of bread back into the refrigerator .
the person pulled the two pieces of toast out .
the person placed the two pieces of toast on the plate .
the person placed the toaster back into the cabinet .
the person placed the plate with the two pieces of toast on the plate into another cabinet for .
the person took a toaster out of a drawer .
the person took a plate and a loaf of bread out .
the person plugged the toaster into an outlet on the counter .
the person put two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person took out another two slices of bread .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person put those slices back in the bag of bread .
the person tied the bread closed .
the person put the bread back in the refrigerator .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person put the toaster back in a drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a toaster out the bottom drawer .
the person took a plate out the back cabinet .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person took a load of bread out the refrigerator .
the person put the load of bread on the counter .
the person plugged the toaster up .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person pushed the lever down .
the person put his hand over the toaster .
the person lifted the lever .
the bread popped up .
the person turned the bread around .
the person put the bread back in the toaster .
the person pushed the lever down .
the person took two pieces of bread .
the person put two pieces of bread on the plate .
the person put the bread back in the package .
the person closed the package .
the person pushed the lever up .
the person put the bread in the refrigerator .
nd took the bread out .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person put the toaster away in the bottom drawer .
the person put the toast in the cabinet .
the person walked out the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a toaster from a cabinet .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person took the loaf of bread out of the fridge .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person checks the toast .
the person placed two more slices of bread on the plate .
the person placed the two slices of bread back .
the person put the loaf of bread away .
the person took out the toast .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster back .
the person placed the toast in the cabinet .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a toaster .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a package of bread .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person put the two slices in the toaster , .
the person turned the toaster on , .
the person watched the toaster .
the person removed the two slices of bread .
the person flipped two slices of bread around , .
the person put the two slices of bread back in the toaster .
the person took two more slices of bread out of the bag .
the person put the two new slices on the plate .
the person put the two new slices back into the bag .
the person closed up the bag .
the person stopped the toaster .
the person put the package of bread back in the refrigerator .
the person took the two pieces of toast out of the toaster .
the person put the two pieces of toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster away .
the person took the plate with toast .
the person put the plate in the cabinet .
the person entered a kitchen set .
the person removed a toaster from the cabinet .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person removed some bread from a refrigerator .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person got out two slices .
the person set the toaster darkness dial .
the person put bread in the toaster .
the person pushed down the lever .
the person popped the toast .
the person flipped the bread .
the person popped the bread .
the person took two more slices of bread out of the bag .
the person put the slices of bread back in the bag .
the person closed up the bread .
the person popped the toast .
the person put the bread back in the refrigerator .
the person took the toasted bread out of the toaster .
the person unplugged the plug .
the person pushed the electrical post down .
the person put the toaster away .
the person put the plate with the toast on the plate into a cabinet .
the person retrieved a toaster .
the person put a toaster onto the counter .
the person grabbed a plate from the cupboard .
the person got some bread from the refrigerator .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person got two slices of bread out of the package .
the person put two slices of bread into the toaster .
a short .
the toast popped up .
the person placed the slices of bread back in the package .
the person tied the package up .
the person put the package of bread back into the refrigerator .
the person popped the bread up out of the toaster .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster away in a cabinet .
the person took his plate .
the person put the plate in a nearby cupboard .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a toaster .
the person put the toaster on the counter .
the person went over the the cupboard .
the person took out a plate .
the person went to the refridgerator .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person pulled up the outlet from the counter .
the person pulled the toaster in .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person tested the toaster 's lever .
the person put two pieces in bread in the toaster , .
the person pushed the toaster lever down .
the person waited for the toast the finish .
the person turned the dial down .
the toast popped up .
the person turned the toast around in the slots .
the person pushed the lever back down .
the person took out two more slices of bread .
the person put the slices of bread on the plate , .
the person put the slices of bread back into the bag .
the person closed a bag .
the person turned the dial on the toaster .
the toast popped up .
the person put the loaf of bread back into the refridgerator .
the person took the toast out .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaste away .
the person put the plate with the toast on in a cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person placed two pieces of bread into the toaster .
the person turned the bread around .
the person placed the bread back in the toaster .
the person placed the loaf of bread back into the fridge .
the person removed the toast from the toaster .
the person placed the toast onto the plate .
the person placed the toaster back into the drawer .
the person placed the toast and plate back into the cabinet .
the person put the toaster on the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person brought a plate to the counter .
the person looked in the fridge .
the person pulled out some bread .
the person popped up an outlet .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person untied the bread .
the person pulled out two slices .
into the toaster .
the person started to toast the bread .
the person watched the bread .
the person flipped the bread in the toaster .
the person pulled out another two slices .
the person sealed the bag .
the person stored the bread in the fridge .
the person returned to the counter .
the person pulled out the toast .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person stored the toaster , .
hen stored the toast in the pantry .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet , .
bread from the refrigerator .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person opened up the bread .
the person removed some .
the person placed the bread on the plate , .
into the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person checked the toast , .
the person allowed the toast to toast some more .
the person removed more bread , .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person placed the bread back into the bag .
the person placed the bread back into the refrigerator .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person placed the toaster back where the toaster belonged .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer under the stove .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person took the lid off .
the person replaced the lid .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person put the salt back on the rack .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person removed a head of broccoli .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person inwrapped the broccoli .
the person cut off the head .
the person washed the head of broccoli .
the person cut the head of broccoli in half .
the person tried to remove the stem from the wrapping .
the person cut the florets into pieces .
the person placed the florets into the pot of water .
the person gathered the crumbs on the counter .
the person dumped the crumbs into the trash .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person used a wet rag to wipe the counter off .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pot from the drawer .
the person partially filled the pot with water .
the person added a few shook of salt to the water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person adjusted the burner temperature .
the person took a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the broccoli .
the person opened the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli off .
the person sliced the broccoli in half .
the person placed one half back into the refrigerator .
the person chopped the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person placed the broccoli into the pot of water .
the person discarded the remaining pieces in the trash .
the person wiped down the counter top .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pot with a lid from under the counter .
the person filled the pot with water at the sink .
the person added salt .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got a head of broccoli from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the plastic off the broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli at the sink .
the person cut the head in half .
the person put one half of the broccoli back in the fridge .
the person chopped the other into pieces .
the person put the pieces of broccoli into the pot of water .
the person picked up the pieces of trash .
the person threw the pieces of trash away .
the person took a dish towel .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opend the cabnent .
the person grabbed a pot .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person placed the lid on .
the person walked to the spice rack .
the person grabbed the salt shaker .
the person added some salt to the water .
the person replaced the pot lid .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person pulled a head of broccoli from the fridge .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person proceeded to cut the broccoli .
the person placed the chopped broccoli in the boiling water .
the person cleaned up the work area and the cutting board .
the person removed a large metal pot with a glass lid from a cabinet .
the person proceeded to fill the pot a third of the way with water .
the person chose a spice from the rack .
the person peppered some of a spice into the pot of water .
the person returned the spice to the rack .
the person retrieved a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut open the plastic from the broccolia .
the person removed the bottom stalk .
the person quickly rinsed the head of broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli in half .
the person put one of the halves back into the refrigerator .
the person chopped up the remaining half into bite sized pieces .
the person dropped the bite sized pieces into the water in the pot .
the person threw away the remaining pieces , .
the person washed his hands .
the person cleaned the remnants from the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person salted the water .
the person moved the pot to the stove .
the person put the pot on .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out shrink-wrapped broccoli .
the person cut off the plastic wrap .
the person removed the stem of the vegetable .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person chopped the broccoli up .
the person put the broccoli in the water on the stove .
the person cleaned up .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person set the pot aside .
the person chose a seasoning .
the person added a seasoning to the water in the pot .
the person placed the pot onto the stove .
the person started the stove .
the person took out a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a knife and a cutting board from the drawers .
the person used the knife to remove the plastic from the broccoli .
the person cut the stalk from the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli head under the faucet .
the person cut the broccoli head in half .
the person placed one half of the head of broccoli back in the fridge .
the person cut up the broccoli .
the person placed the pieces in the pot .
the person threw the plastic , the stalk , and scrap pieces into the trash .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
wet a rag .
the person wiped down the counter with the rag .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person placed a pot on the counter .
the person filled the pot with water from the sink .
the person added a seasoning to the water , .
the person placed the lid on the pot , .
the person placed the pot on the stovetop .
the person pressed the buttons on the stovetop .
the person pressed the buttons on the stovetop .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person took the broccoli out .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person removed the broccoli from the plastic .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person placed half of the broccoli in the refrigerator .
the person sliced the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli in the pot of water .
the person than placed the plastic and unused broccoli in the garbage can .
the person wet a washcloth .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person leaned over the counter .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a pot and lid , .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person added some salt to the water , .
the person placed the pot onto the stove .
the person took out a head of broccoli , a cutting board and a knife .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person cut off the stem .
the person washed the head of broccoli .
the person cut the head in half .
the person placed one half back in the refrigerator .
the person cut the remaining half into small segments , .
the person placed the small broccoli segments into the pot .
the person discarded the stem , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person added some salt to a pot .
the person placed the water on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person pulled a head of broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person chopped off the stem .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person chopped the broccoli head in half .
the person placed half the head of broccoli back in the refrigerator .
the person chopped the other half into smaller pieces .
the person put the chopped broccoli into the water on the stove .
the person wiped down the cutting board and countertop .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person seasoned the water with salt , .
the person put on the lid , .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took out the broccoli , cutting board , and knife .
the person took the broccoli out of the wrapper , .
the person rinsed the broccoli , .
the person cut the broccoli in half .
the person put the other half back into refrigerator .
the person cut the broccoli into smaller chunks .
the person placed the broccoli into the pot .
the person threw away the scraps , .
the person washed his hands , .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person got a pot from a drawer .
the person put water in the pot .
the person put salt in the water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person got broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the plastic and the stem off the broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli in half .
the person put half the broccoli in the refrigerator .
the person cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person put the broccoli in the pot .
the person cleaned the counter with a rag .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a pot .
the person placed the pot on the counter .
the person poured water into the pot .
the person salted the water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person got out some broccoli .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person removed the plastic wrap .
the person rinsed off the broccoli , .
put half of the broccoli back in the refrigerator .
the person chopped up the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli in the water , .
the person threw away the scrap parts .
the person wiped off the counter .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person added spice to the pot with water .
the person proceeded to put the pot on the stove .
the person took some broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into two pieces .
the person placed the broccoli into the pot .
the person watched the pot on the stove .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a pot from a cupboard and a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the broccoli in the sink .
the person cut the head of broccoli in half .
the person put half in the refrigerator .
the person started to chop the broccoli , .
the person cut up the other half .
the person put the other half in the pot of water .
the person got a pan out of the cabinet .
the person filled a pan with water .
the person added salt to the water .
the person put the lid on a pan .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took fresh broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli in half .
the person put half of the broccoli back in the refrigerator .
the person cut up the other half .
the person put the broccoli in the pan of water .
the person cleaned up the mess .
the person entered the room .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a saucepan .
the person put a little watter in the saucepan .
the person took a salt-cellar .
the person put some salt in the water .
the person put the sauce pan on the stove .
the person put the salt-cellar back int the stand .
the person programmed the stove .
the person openned the fridge .
the person took one broccoli .
the person openned a drawer .
the person took out a trencher and a knife .
the person unsealed the broccoli .
the person cut the stalk of the broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli int two halfs .
the person took one half .
the person put one half back into the fridge .
the person cut the broccoli into medium sized pieces .
the person put the chopped broccoli into the saucepan .
the person threw the rested into the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person cleaned the sideboard with a wet towel .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pot and lid out of the cupboard .
the person added water to the pot .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person covered the pot with the lid .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person removed the plastic from the broccoli .
the person chopped off the broccoli stem .
the person discarded the broccoli stem .
the person rinsed the broccoli in the sink .
the person cut the broccoli in half , .
the person returned one half to the refrigerator .
the person cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person put the broccoli pieces in the pan .
the person replaced the lid .
the person wiped up the work area .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pot out of the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person got some spices .
the person shook the spices into the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person got a head of broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawers .
the person took the plastic wrap off the broccoli .
the person cut off the head .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person cut the head in half .
the person put one half back in the refrigerator .
the person cut the remaining head into smaller pieces .
the person put the cut broccoli into the pot .
the person discarded the debris and the broccoli stalk .
the person wiped off the cutting board and the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot and lid from the drawer beneath the stove .
the person put water in the pot .
the person placed the pot on the counter with the lid .
the person put salt into the water .
the person placed the covered pot onto the stove .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person took out a stalk for broccoli .
the person placed a cutting board onto the counter .
the person cut away the stalk .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person cut away about half .
the person put one half back in the refrigerator .
the person sliced the other into large cut .
the person put the cut into the pot of water .
the person discarded the waste into the bin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person wiped the counter .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled the pot with wate .
the person added spice .
the person covered the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person removed broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli in half .
the person placed one half back into the refrigerator .
the person separated the broccoli into individual pieces .
the person placed these pieces into the pot .
the person threw the remaining scraps into the garbage .
the person cleaned off the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a pot .
the person put water and salt into the pot , .
the person placed the pot on stove top .
the person turned the pot on .
the person got broccoli out of the fridge and a knife and cutting boards from different drawers .
the person removed the packaging from the broccoli .
the person cut the head of the broccoli of .
the person set aside the plastic wrap and the stem .
the person rinsed the head .
before the person cut the head in half .
the person tried to remove the plastic wrap from the stem , .
the person placed the one half of the head in the fridge uncovered .
the person finished cutting the other half of the head of broccoli .
the person placed the head of broccoli in the water on the stove .
the person discarded the unnecessary pieces , .
the person went to wipe the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a pot with its lid from a drawer .
the person removed the lid .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person added salt to the water .
the person put the lid on top of the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the pot on .
the person grabbed broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person removed the plastic cover from the broccoli .
the person cut the stem with the knife .
the person washed the broccoli , .
the person cut the broccoli in halves .
the person put one half back in the refrigerator .
the person cut the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person put the smaller pieces inside the preheated pot .
the person threw the stem , plastic and crumbs in the trash bin .
the person washed his hands .
the person dampened a cloth .
the person used the cloth to clean the counter .
the person placed the cloth on top of the faucet .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a pot .
the person filled the pot with an inch of water from the sink .
the person placed the top on the pot .
the person put the top on the counter .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person openned the fridge .
the person got a stem of broccoli out .
the person got a cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person cut the plastic wrap from the broccoli .
the person set the plastic wrap aside .
the person rinsed the broccoli in the sink .
the person cut the broccoli in half .
the person returned half to the fridge .
the person used the knife to cut the florets from the stem of the other half .
the person placed the broccoli florets in the pot .
the person put the lid on .
the person threw away the stem and plastic wrap .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person plugged the toaster on the counter in .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got a loaf of bread .
the person took two slices from the loaf .
the person put two slices in the toaster .
the person put the loaf of bread back in the pantry .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person set the plate down to the toaster .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person took the toast out of the toaster .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person put the plate with toast on the counter .
the cook removed some bread from the pantry .
the person walked the bread over to the counter .
the person removed two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices in the toaster .
the person pushed the toaster handle down .
the person tied up the bread .
the person placed the bread back in the pantry .
the person removed a plate from another cabinet .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person stood and waited for the toaster to finish .
the person checked the toaster a couple of times waiting .
the person adjusted something on the toaster .
once the toast popped up , .
the person removed the toast from the the toaster .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person moved the plate to the front counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked to the counter .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person put two slices of bread into the toaster .
the person closed the bread .
the person put the bread back in the cabinet .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person adjusted the knob on the toaster .
the person put the toasted bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the plate of toasted bread on the counter .
person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked over to the toaster on the right , .
the person moved the toaster over to the plugs .
the person pluged the toaster in .
the person walked over to the left cabinet .
the person took out a bag of bread .
the person took out two slices .
the person put two slices into the toaster to be toasted .
the person took a plate out from one of the cabinets .
the person waited the toaster toasted the bread .
the person turned a knob .
the toast popped up .
the person put the toast slices on a plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person shoved the toaster back into it was original place .
the person put the toast and plate on the front counter .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person got a loaf of bread from a cabinet .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person put the slices in the toaster .
the person put the bread back in the cabinet .
the person got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person moved the toaster over .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person grabbed a load of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person placed two slices into the toaster .
the person placed the loaf back into the refrigerator .
the person opened another cabinet .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed the plate on top of the counter to the toaster .
the person stood there and waited for the toast to be ready .
the person leaned on the counter to look into the toaster to make sure the bread was toasting .
the person returned to his waiting position .
the person leaned over the counter to check the toaster again .
the person readjusted the temperature on the toaster .
the person stood and waited again .
the person grabbed the toasted bread out of the toaster .
the person placed the toasted bread on the plate .
the person picked up the plate .
the person placed the plate on the other counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person got bread .
the person put the bread into the toaster .
the person adjusted the timer/settings .
the person waited the toast was toasting .
the toast finishes .
the person removed the toast .
the person put toast on a plate .
the person sat the plate on the counter .
backs away .
the person grabbed the toaster .
the person plugged the toaster into the outlet .
the person went to the pantry .
the person pulled out some bread .
the person opened up the bread .
the person put two slices into the toaster .
the person pushed the button down .
the person started toasting the bread .
the person checked the cupboard for a plate .
the person set a plate in front of the toaster .
the person stood there and waited for the toast to be ready .
the person pulled the toast out of the toaster .
onto the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster from the outlet .
the person set the plate on the counter .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person adjusted the setting on the toaster .
the person got out a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person put two slices into the toaster .
the person tied up the bread .
the person put the bread away .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person waited for the toast to finish toasting .
the person turned the dial on the toaster .
the toast popped up .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person opened a loaf of bread .
the person put two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person pushed the lever down .
the person closed the bread .
the person put the bread back in the cabinet .
the person took a plate out the cabinet .
the person put a plate to the toaster .
the person twisted the lever .
the bread popped up .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the plate of toast on the other counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
the person unwrapped the loaf , .
the person removed two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices inside the toaster .
the person rewrapped the loaf of bread .
the person replaced the loaf of bread in the cupboard , .
the person retrieved a small plate from another cupboard .
the person placed the plate to the toaster , .
the person adjusted the toaster settings .
the person waited for the toast to be ready .
the person stood hands folded and waited for the toast .
the person looked into the toaster to check the progress of the toast .
the person returned to standing , .
the person repeated this step .
the person adjusted the settings on the toaster .
the person returned to standing , .
the person adjusted the settings again .
the person retrieved the toast , .
the person placed the toast on the small plate .
unplugged the toasted .
the person put the toasted away , .
the person left the toast on the nearby sink counter .
the person plugged the toaster into the outlet .
the person took out a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person took two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices into the toaster .
the person put the loaf of bread back into the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed the two slices of toast from the toaster .
the person placed two slices on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went over to a toaster .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person appeared to fiddle with the dial on the toaster .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person removed a loaf of bread .
the person took out two slices .
the person placed two slices in the toaster .
the person pushed the lever down so the bread was in the toaster .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person adjusted the button .
the toast popped up .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person laid the toast on the counter .
the person walked into the room .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person picked up the bread , .
the person walked to the toaster .
the person opened the bread .
the person placed two pieces of bread into the toaster .
the person put the bread back .
the person got a plate .
the person placed a plate onto the counter .
the person adusted the settings on the toaster .
the person waited for the toaster to finish .
the person put the toast onto a plate .
the person arrived in the kitchen , .
the person plugged in the toaster , .
the person adjusted it was temperature .
the person retrieved a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person opened the bag .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person put one slice in the toaster , .
the person pushed down on the lever , .
the person put the other slice in the second slot .
the person re-sealed the bread bag .
the person put the bread bag back in the cupboard .
the person adjusted the toaster 's placement on the counter , .
the person went to a different cupboard .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person adjusted the toaster 's temperature again , .
the person waited for the toast to pop .
the person adjusted the toaster 's temperature again , .
the person turned the toaster 's temperature all the way down , .
so the toast popped .
the person pulled the lever all the way up to reveal the toast , .
the person retrieved both slices from the toaster , .
the person put both slices on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster back in it was original position .
the person brought the plate over to the section of the counter in front of the camera , .
the person stood back , with his hands folded in front of him .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person went to a cupboard .
the person removed a loaf of sliced bread .
the person moved the toaster to give himself more room to work .
the person opened the plastic bag which held the bread , .
the person took out two slices , .
the person put two slices into the toaster , .
the person depressed the lever to start the toasting process .
the person closed the bread bag .
the person returned the bread bag to the cupboard .
the person checked the toaster .
the person got a small plate out of another cupboard .
the person adjusted the knob on the toaster .
the person waited for his bread to finish toasting .
the person checked the toaster 's progress a few times he waited .
the person turned a knob .
the toast raised .
the person removed the toast from the toaster .
the person put the toast on the plate , .
the person unplugged the appliance , .
the person slid the appliance back to the appliance original position , .
the person moved his plate with two slices of white toast to a different counter .
the person plugged a toaster into a socket .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person placed the loaf of bread back .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person waited for the toast to finish .
the person grabbed his toast .
the person placed the pieces of toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person moved the plated toast to another counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to a counter .
the person plugged a toaster into the wall socket .
the person turned .
the person walked to a cabinet .
the person pulled a loaf of bread from the cabinet , .
the person set a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person opened a loaf of bread .
the person inserted a piece of bread into the toaster .
the person pushed the lever of the toaster down , turning the toaster on .
the person added a second piece of bread to the toaster .
the person tied closed the bag of bread .
the person returned to the cabinet , .
the person placed the loaf of bread inside .
the person came back to the counter for a moment , .
the person turned he .
the person walked to a different cabinet .
the person pulled a small plate from the cabinet .
the person set a small plate on the counter .
the person waited , .
occasionally peering into the toaster .
the person extracted the toast .
the person placed the toast on the plate , .
the person unplugged the toaster .
him .
him .
the person entered .
the person plugged a toaster into the wall .
the person took a loaf of white bread from a cabinet .
the person took two slices from the loaf .
the person replaced the loaf in the cabinet .
the person pushed the lever down on the toaster activating the toaster .
the person waited he got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a small plate to the toaster .
the person adjusted the toasters setting .
the person began to wait .
a few minutes during which the person often checked the progress of the toaster , .
the toast finished .
the person took the toast out of the toaster .
the person placed the toast onto the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person moved the plate to the center counter-top .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person took a bag of bread out of the pantry .
the person took two slices of bread out of the bag .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person put the bag of bread back in the pantry .
the person took a plate out of the pantry .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed one plum from the fridge .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person grabbed a small plate from the cupboard .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut the plum into quarters .
the person threw a stray piece of plum into the trash .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a plum .
the person took out a knife and a small dish .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person had cut the plum into four long pieces .
the person pulled the plum open gently .
the person took one half .
the person cut one half vertically into two .
the person had to cut one half around the seed .
the person cut the other half also into two .
the person threw the seed into the dustbin .
the person got a plum from a refrigerator .
the person washed the plum in a sink .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person sliced the plum .
the person put the seed in a trash can .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink .
the person gathered a knife and a plate .
the person sliced the plum in half over the plate .
the person sliced each half into sections .
the person removed an inedible part from the core of the plum .
the person discarded the inedible portion .
the person went into a kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a plum from a drawer in the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum with tap water .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person walked over to a cabinet .
the person removed a small bowl or saucer from the cabinet .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut each plum half in half .
the person put the pieces in the bowl or saucer .
the person discarded the plum pit .
the person got a plum out of the fridge .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person cut the plum in his hand .
the person placed the pieces into the plate .
the person used the knife to core the plum .
the person put the core on the counter .
the person threw away the core .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the plum in the sink .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the plum into pieces , .
the person put the plum on the plate .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a peach .
the person grabbed a bowl out of his cupboard .
the person began cutting the peach with a knife .
the person twisted the peach in half .
the person depitted the peach .
the person began slicing the peach into four parts into the bowl .
the person threw away the pit .
the person entered in a clean kitchen with all black dress and brown hair .
the person took a tomato from refrigerator .
the person washed a tomato .
the person also took a knife and a small plate from cupboard .
the person divided tomato in four pieces .
the person put garbage in dustbin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a plum .
the person washed the plum in the sink .
the person took out a knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut the plum into fourths .
the person removed the pit .
the person disposed of the pit .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person rinsed the plum at the sink .
the person also took a knife and a small plate from cupboard .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the plum into pieces over the plate .
the person threw away the pit .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a plum from the refrigerator , .
the person washed a plum .
the person took out a bowl and knife .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person twisted to separate the pieces .
the person cut the side with the pit in half to remove the pit , .
the person placed the pieces in the bowl .
the person cut the other side in half in the bowl as well .
the person entered the kitchen from the left .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person examined the contents of the refrigerator .
the person took out a piece of fruit .
the person walked to the sink .
the person turned on the water .
the person washed the fruit in the sink .
the person opened a drawer , .
from the drawer the person took a knife .
the person went to a cabinet .
the person withdrew a plate .
the person walked back to the counter .
the person set the plate down .
back at the counter the person began cutting the piece of fruit .
the person cut around the pit of the fruit , .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person laid the knife down .
the person turned to open a cabinet .
the person threw the pit from the fruit into the garbage in the cabinet .
the person removed a plum from the fridge .
the person washed the plum .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person removed a bowl from a cabinet .
the person peeled the plum .
the person threw away his trash .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a plum out of the fridge .
the person rinsed a plum off .
the person went into the drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person held both the knife and the plum he walked to the cabinet , .
the person took out a bowl .
the person placed a bowl on the counter .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person sliced the plum into wedges .
the person removed the the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person walked over the the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person scored the plum down the middle .
the person twisted the halves .
the person separated the halves .
the person cut the half with the pit until the pit fell out .
the person placed the plum pieces on the plate .
the person threw away the plum pit .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person washed the plum .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
with plum and knife in hand , the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person started cutting the plum by the counter .
the person cut around the pit of the plum as he sliced the plum .
the person threw away the pit in the trash .
a tall person walked on screen .
the person retrieved a peach from the fridge .
the person shut the door to the fridge .
the person walked over to a counter to prepare the peach .
the person cut the peach in sections .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit of the peach in the trash .
returns to the bowl .
the person picked up the knife .
the person took out a plum .
the person rinsed the plum under running water .
the person reached for a knife .
the person placed a bowl on the counter .
the person made a cut around the circumference of the plum .
the person twisted the plum to split the plum in half .
the person cut the plum into pieces .
the person removed the pit .
the person took a juicer out of the drawer .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person twisted the first half of the orange back and forth onto the juicer .
the person squeezed the juice from the orange half .
the person twisted the second half of the orange onto the juicer .
the person squeezed the juice from the orange half .
the person removed the pulp from the juicer .
the person scooped the pulp into the cup with the orange juice .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a two-piece fruit juice extractor from a drawer .
the person removed a bag from the refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person discarded the bag in the trash .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the orange into two pieces .
the person squeezed one half of the orange onto the juicer .
the person threw the orange rind into the trash .
the person squeezed the second half of the orange .
the person discarded the rind .
the person used the knife to scrape the edge of the top of the juicer .
the person discarded the pulp and seeds into the trash .
the person put the top half of the juicer into the sink .
the person placed the top of the juicer in the sink .
the person removed a glass from the cabinet .
the person placed a glass on the counter top .
the person poured the orange juice from the juicer into the glass .
the person put the bottom half of the juicer into the sink .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person found a plastic juicer in a drawer .
the person pulled an orange from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person pressed one half onto the juicer .
repeatedly twisting one half .
the person discarded one half half .
the person twisted the other half of the orange on the juicer .
the person discarded the second half of the orange .
the person removed the top of the juicer .
the person scraped the orange pulp into the bottom container .
the person put the juicer top in the sink .
the person pulled out a glass from a cupboard .
the person poured the extracted juice into the glass .
the person put the empty container in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a manual juicer from under the counter .
the person got a single orange from the refrigerator .
the person used a small knife to slice the orange in two against the grain of the fruit .
the person proceeded to take each half .
twist each half onto the juicer extracting the juice and pulp .
the person carefully added the pulp to the juice from the mesh filter .
the person discarded the seeds into the trash .
the person placed the top of the juicer in the sink .
the person removed a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured his fresh juice into the glass .
the person placed the bottom part of the juicer in the sink .
the person got a plastic juicer from a drawer .
the person got an orange from a refrigerator .
the person got a small knife from the drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced one half of the orange on the juicer .
the person threw the used orange half in a trash can .
the person juiced the other half of the orange on the juicer .
the person threw the rest of the orange in the trash .
the person used the small knife and added some of the pulp to the juice .
the person tossed the rest of the pulp in the trash can .
the person got a small glass from a cabinet .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person placed a small juicer on the counter .
the person retrieved a bag of oranges from a refrigerator .
the person chose one orange .
the person cut the orange in half using a small knife .
the person placed one half of the orange on the top of the juicer .
the person finished juicing the orange .
the person rotated the orange .
the person threw both halves away .
the person picked the pulp off the side of the juicer .
the person placed the pulp in the container .
the person chose a glass .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a juicer out the drawer .
the person pulled a orange out the fridge .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person used the juicer with the orange .
the person pulled out a drinking glass out the cabinet .
the person poured the orange juice into the drinking glass .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person took a fruit juicer .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cover .
the person took away the orange from a cover .
the person threw the cover to the dustbin .
the person took a knife .
the person cut the orange into half .
the person squeezed the orange in the fruit juicer .
the person transferred the skin of orange to the dustbin .
the person removed the lid of juicer .
the person transferred the waste to the dustbin .
the person put the lid in the sink .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a glass .
the person transferred the juice to the glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a juicer from under the counter .
an orange from the fridge .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person took one half .
the person used the juicer to juice one half .
the person juiced the other half of the orange .
the person took the knife .
the person scraped the pulp into the juice .
the person got a glass from the pantry .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person retrieved a manual juicer from under the counter .
the person grabbed an orange .
the person sliced the orange into two halves .
the person juiced one half of the orange .
the person threw one half half away .
the person juiced the last half of the orange .
the person threw the last half away .
the person removed the pulp from the juicer and the lid .
the person poured the orange juice that he created into a glass .
the person removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person juiced both halves of the orange .
the person threw the orange peels in the garbage .
the person placed the juicer in the sink .
the person removed a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person opened a drawer .
the person withdrew a kitchen gadget .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed some oranges .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person squeezed juice out of the halves .
the person threw away the skins .
the person finished the squeeze .
the person threw away the skins he finished .
the person scraped off the small pieces of orange from the gadget .
the person put these pieces into the juice .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured himself a glass of orange juice .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person stopped .
the person opened a drawer .
the person retrieved a juicer in the drawer .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed an orange .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person proceeded to juice both slices .
the person removed the pulp from the top of the juicer .
the person put the pulp in bottom of the container .
the person walked across the kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet containing glassware .
the person selected a juice glass .
the person returned to the container of juice he created .
the person poured the juice from the container into the glass .
the person removed a juicer from a drawer .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced one half of the orange on the juicer .
the person threw the rind in the garbage .
the person repeated the juicing on the other half .
the person placed the pulp into the juice .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice in the glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bowl juicer out .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got an orange .
the person threw the wrapping away .
the person cut the orange in two pieces .
the person juiced half of the orange on the bowl .
by twisting the orange on the juicer .
the person threw the juiced orange half away .
the person picked up the second half .
the person began juicing the second half .
the person threw the second half away .
the person scraped pulp into the bowl .
the person took the juicer lid off the bowl .
the person emptied the juicer lid into the garbage .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a glass .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person got a container from the drawer .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person cut the orange in half with a knife from the drawer .
the person juiced one half of the orange using a special container .
the person threw the orange half away .
the person juiced the second half of the orange as well .
the person threw the second half of the orange away .
the person cleaned the part of the container the he part of the container juiced the orange .
the person poured the orange juice in a glass .
the person pulled out an orange juicer from a drawer .
the person searched the for two oranges .
the person found a bag of two oranges in a cupboard .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person grabbed one half of the orange .
the person squeezed one half over the juicer .
the person twisted the orange .
the person threw away the peel .
the person squeezed the second half of the orange .
the person threw away the peel .
the person removed the lid from the juicer .
the person placed the lid in the dishwasher .
the person grabbed a glass cup .
the person poured the juice into the cup .
the person placed the bottom half of the juicer in the sink .
the person entered .
the person retrieved a citrus juicer from the drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got an orange .
the person came to the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the orange in half over the sink .
the person juiced an orange half using the juicer .
the person threw away the juiced orange half into the trash bin .
the person juiced the remaining half of the orange .
the person threw the second juiced half into the trash bin .
the person separated the juicer .
the person used a knife to put pulp into the juice .
the person put the pulp receptacle into the sink .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a glass .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person put the juicer into the sink .
the person took a juicer out of a drawer .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
by spinning the orange on the juicer .
the person placed the orange pulp in with the orange juice .
the person took a glass out of the cupboard .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out an avocado from the fridge , .
the person peeled off the sticker .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife .
the person sliced the avocado down the center .
prying the halves apart , .
the person dug out the pit .
the person threw the pit away , .
the person licked his fingers .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person took out a peeler from the drawer .
the person used a peeler to begin peeling one half of the avocado .
the person peeled the rest of the avocado by hand .
the person threw away the peel .
the person washed his hands again .
the person finished by roughly chopping the avocado .
the person got an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board out of one drawer and a knife out of another .
the person sliced the avocado around its pit with the knife .
the person split the avocado open .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person peeled the skin off the avocado halves .
the person threw the skin in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink again .
the person sliced the avocado into small pieces .
the person ate a piece of the avocado .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the sticker off an avocado .
the person took out a cutting board and a thin , sharp knife .
the person kept the avocado vertical , .
the person made a slit all around the avocado .
the person pried the avocado open into two halves .
the person took the seed out .
the person threw the seed .
the person took one half of the avocado .
the person peeled a small portion of skin off with a peeler .
the person peeled the rest of the skin off by hand .
the person peeled the skin off the other half also by hand .
the person took one half .
the person cut one half into two vertically .
the person cut each of these vertical pieces into three to five pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and cutting board from beneath the counter .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person washed his hands .
the person got a vegetable peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the avocado by hand .
the person threw away the avocado peel .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut the avocado into medium-sized chunks .
the person went to fridge .
the person took out an avocado .
the person took off the sticker .
the person threw the sticker in the trash .
the person pulled a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the avocado in half , lengthwise .
the person used his fingers , he removed the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person removed a peeler from a drawer .
the person started to peel the avocado .
the person peeled the rest using his fingers .
the person threw away the skin .
the person washed his hands a second time .
the person cut both halves in cubes .
the person ate one cube .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an avocado .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person disposed of the avocado pit .
the person washed his hands .
the person peeled the avocado halves .
the person disposed of the avocado peel .
the person washed his hands again .
the person cut the avocado into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person removed the sticker .
the person put the sticker in the waste bin .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit into the waste bin .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person removed a small piece of skin .
the person put the peeler down .
the person removed the skin with his fingers .
the person threw the skin into the waste bin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person diced the avocado on the cutting board .
the person licked a finger .
the person removed an avocado from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the avocado seed .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person diced the avocado .
the person got an avocado from a refrigerator .
the person pulled the sticker off the avocado .
the person put the sticker in a trash can .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the avocado length wise around the seed .
the person put the seed in the trash can .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person peeled the avocado skin with his hands .
the person diced the avocado with the knife .
the person took an avocado from the fridge .
the person peeled off the sticker .
the person put the sticker into the trash bin .
the person took a small cutting board and a small knife from the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person pulled the halves apart .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person rinsed his fingers under the tap .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person used the peeler to peel into the avocado .
the person used his hands to peel the rest of the avocado .
the person placed the peeler into the sink .
the person threw the peels in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the avocado into smaller pieces with the knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out an avocado .
the person removed the sticker , .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the avocado around the seed .
the person separated the avocado into two halves .
the person removed the seed .
the person threw the seed away .
the person took out a small knife , .
the person cut the peel slightly .
the person removed the peel from each half .
the person threw away the skins , .
diced each half into cubes .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person disposed of the seed from inside the avocado , .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person peeled half of the avocado with a peeler , his hands .
the person peeled the other half of the avocado .
the person disposed of the peels .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the avocado into smaller pieces , .
the person licked his finger , .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person opened the refridgerator .
the person pulled out an avacado .
the person walked to the counter .
the person removed a sticker from the avacado .
the person threw the sticker in the trash .
the person opened a set of drawers .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person sliced the avacado in half .
the person removed the seed from within the fuit .
the person threw the seeds in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person turned around .
the person grabbed a towel to dry his hands with .
the person sat the towel on the counter .
the person opened a drawer again .
the person pulled out a peeler .
the person used the peeler to begin peeling the avacado .
the person used his hands instead .
the person set the peeler down .
the person stopped peeling briefly to put the peeler in the sink .
the person resumed his peeling .
once an avacado was completely peeled , the person threw the skin away .
the person rinsed his hands again .
the person sliced the avacado into fourths and into smaller pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed an avocado out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person tossed the avocado seed into the garbage .
the person peeled the avocado skin with a peeler and his hands .
the person tossed the avocado skins into the garbage .
the person sliced the avocado on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed an avocado from the fridge .
and removed the sticker .
the person placed the avocado on the counter .
the person pulled a cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person pulled out a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half around the pit .
the person pulled the avocado apart .
the person removed the pit .
the person washed his hands .
the person pulled down a towel to dry his hands .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person used a peeler to peel the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into cubes .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took an avocado from refrigerator .
the person moved to cooktop cabinet .
the person picked cutter board and knife .
the person cut the avocado in half vertically .
the person made two halves of avocado until one side break off from pit .
the person took out the pit by gently hacked his fingers into pit .
the person pulled the pit out .
the person discard the pit .
the person washed his hand .
the person removed the peel of avocado gently .
the person discard the peel .
the person washed his hands again .
the person made avocado into small vertical slice .
the person chopped the avocado into pieces .
the person removed an avocado from the fridge .
the person threw away the sticker on the avocado .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person threw away the seed .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person peeled the skin off of the avocado halves .
the person threw away his trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person diced the avocado in tiny pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person grabbed and avocado .
the person went to the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person put the cutting board on the counter .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person put the avocado on the cutting board .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person removed the sticker .
the person threw the sticker in the garbage .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person threw the peels into the garbage .
the person sliced the avocado into small pieces .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got out an avocado .
the person peeled the sticker off .
the person placed an avocado on the counter .
the person put the sticker in the garbage .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person started to cut the avocado around the seed .
the person was done , he pulled the avocado apart .
the person pulled out the seed .
the person placed the halves on a cutting board .
the person threw the seed into the garbage .
the person rinsed his fingers in the sink .
the person dried his fingers .
the person began to peel the skin from the avocado , one half at a time .
the person took the skin .
the person threw the skin away .
the person rinsed his fingers in the sink again .
the person dried his fingers .
the person continued to cut the avocado into cubes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a round cutting board and knife from underneath the counter .
the person placed a kiwi fruit on the cutting board , .
the person cut a kiwi fruit in half .
the person peeled one half of the kiwi with a peeling tool .
the person cut the peeled half of the kiwi , in half .
the person placed half of the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person peeled the second half of the kiwi , .
the person cut off the narrow end with the knife .
the person sliced the second half of the kiwi into equal sized pieces .
the person placed the peeled and sliced kiwi on the cutting board .
the person removed a cutting board a knife from the drawer .
the person took out a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the kiwi in half .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled one half of the kiwi .
the person sliced one half of the kiwi into smaller pieces .
the person peeled the other half of the kiwi .
the person also cut that half into smaller pieces .
the person walked into kitchen .
the person took out cutting board .
the person took out knife .
the person took out kiwi .
the person cut kiwi .
the person peeled kiwi .
the person sliced kiwi .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person took out a peeler .
the person peeled half the kiwi .
the person sliced the peeled kiwi .
the person peeled the other kiwi half .
the person sliced the remaining kiwi .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of the kitchen drawers .
the person took a kiwi out of the fridge .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person peeled one half of the kiwi with peelers .
the person cut the kiwi into small and thin pieces .
the person peeled the other half with a knife .
the person moved the peelers from the pile of skin to the other side of the cutting board .
the person pushed the cutting board in front of him .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi in half , .
the person took out a peeler .
the person peeled the skin off one half of the kiwi .
once the person finished , he sliced the kiwi half .
the person repeated the process with the other kiwi half .
the person removed a cutting board from a kitchen drawer .
the person took a knife from another drawer .
the person retrieved a kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person retrieved a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled one kiwi half using the peeler .
the person cut the peeled kiwi half into slices .
the person peeled the other half of the kiwi with the knife .
the person cut the second kiwi half into slices .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out a small wooden cutting board , and a small knife .
the person took a kiwi out of the fridge .
the person sliced a kiwi in half .
the person took a vegetable peeler out of a drawer .
the person peeled one of the kiwi halves .
the person trimmed the stem-like part off the kiwi , .
the person sliced the kiwi into small slices .
the person peeled the other half of the kiwi with the knife .
the person removed the small stem bit again , .
the person sliced the kiwi again .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person took out a kiwi fruit .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person used the peeler to remove the skin from one half of the kiwi .
the cut both halves into smaller pieces .
the person removed the skin from the other half of the fruit .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and a knife out of the drawer .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person pulled out a kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person started peeling the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into pieces .
the person left the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator , .
the person cut a kiwi in half , .
the person peeled the skin off with a peeler .
the person cut the kiwi into small pieces with the knife , .
carefully removing bad parts of the kiwi .
the person took out cutting board .
the person took out knife .
the person took out kiwi .
the person cut kiwi .
the person took out peeler .
the person peeled kiwi .
the person sliced kiwi .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person put a cutting board and knife from a drawer on the counter .
the person pulled a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person used a knife to cut the kiwi in half .
the person pulled a peeler out of the drawer .
the person proceeded to peel half of the kiwi .
the person used the knife to slice the peeled kiwi half .
the person used the knife to peel the remaining kiwi half .
the person continued using the knife to slice the other kiwi half .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person put the peelings on the counter .
the person cut some slices from the kiwi .
the person placed the slices on the cutting board .
the person continued to peel the kiwi .
the person put the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person cut the remainder .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person placed the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person took a peeling utensil from the drawer .
the person used the peeler to peel the skin from a half of the kiwi .
the person used a knife to slice the peeled half of kiwi .
the person peeled the other half of the kiwi with the knife .
the person placed this half of the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person cut off the end .
the person removed an inedible section from the center of the kiwi with his knife .
the person sliced this half of the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person used a peeler , he peeled the skin off of the kiwi .
the person used the knife , he cut the kiwi into small slices , .
also peeled more of the skin off of the kiwi .
the person sliced all of the kiwi into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person peeled the skin off the first half .
the person sliced the kiwi into smaller pieces .
the person repeated the same process for the second half of the kiwi .
the person walked in to the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the table .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person placed a knife on the table .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi in half , .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled one half of the kiwi , .
the person sliced one half of the kiwi .
the person peeled the other half of the kiwi , .
the person sliced the other half of the kiwi up .
the person slid the cutting board forward .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , and kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi in half , .
the person took out a peeler .
the person peeled one side using the peeler .
the person sliced the fruit thinly .
the person peeled the other half , .
the person sliced the other half .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
from the fridge the person retrieved a kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled one half of the kiwi .
the person used the knife to slice the kiwi into small pieces .
the person switched to the knife to cut the peel off the second half of the kiwi .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person obtained a peeler .
the person peeled the first kiwi half .
the person chopped the kiwi into several smaller pieces .
the person began picked up the second kiwi half .
the person peeled the second kiwi half .
the person cut off the top of the second kiwi half .
the person chopped the kiwi half into smaller pieces .
the person got a bag of carrots from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot in a sink .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person put the carrots back in the fridge .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person diced the carrot with the knife .
the person got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person put the carrots on a plate .
the person went the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a bag of carrots .
the person opened the bag of carrots .
the person took out one carrot .
the person washed one carrot .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person placed one carrot on the cutting board .
the person put away the bag of carrots into the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person cut the top off the carrot .
the person threw away the top of the carrot .
the person grabbed a larger cutting board .
the person put away the smaller cutting board .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
a few pieces of carrot slipped off the cutting board , so the person washed off those carrot pieces .
the person cut up the entire carrot into small pieces .
the person grabbed a dish .
the person continued cutting the carrot into even smaller pieces .
the person put the carrot pieces into a small dish , .
the person washed the cutting board , and finished .
the person obtained a carrot package .
the person placed a carrot package in a work space .
the person took out one carrot .
the person washed one carrot , .
the person obtained a cutting board , .
the person discarded the remaining carrot package .
the person obtained a knife .
the person cut the top off of the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into five roughly equal parts lengthwise .
the person positioned the carrot parts on one of the flat ends of the carrots .
the person cut the carrot parts downwarded into small slices about one eighth inch thick until all of the carrot parts were cut up into slices .
the person took the one eighth inch slices , .
the person laid the slices flat down , .
the person cut the slices widthwise into one eight inch slices in that direction as well .
the person finished slicing the carrots the second time .
the person obtained a small bowl .
the person placed a small bowl into the work area .
the person sliced the carrots a third time along their length cutting them into small cubes .
the person removed the small cubes from the cutting board .
the person placed the small cubes into the small bowl .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person removed a package of carrots from the refrigerator .
the person took out one carrot .
the person rinsed one carrot in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed the package of carrots back in the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the stem off the carrot .
the person switched cutting boards .
the person cut the carrot into many pieces .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person placed the slices into the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a pack of carrots .
the person put a pack of carrots on the counter .
the person removed one from the package .
the person washed one carrot in the sink .
the person let the water drip he reached into the drawer .
the person grabbed a small cutting board .
the person put the rest back into the refrigerator .
the person came back to the counter .
the person grabbed a knife out of the drawer .
the person switched the smaller cutting board for a larger one .
the person trimmed the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person finished that he went to the cabinet .
the person got a small bowl .
the person cut the carrots even smaller .
the person put the carrot pieces into the bowl .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board off .
the person lay the knife and cutting board to the side .
the person finished off by drying his hands on a towel .
the person grabbed a bag of carrots from the fridge .
the person placed a carrot in the sink .
the person rinsed a carrot off .
the person placed the bag of carrots back in the fridge .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person sliced the carrot on the board .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person washed the cutting board off .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a bag of carrots from the refrigerator .
the person removed what he needed from the bag .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed his carrot on the cutting board .
the person put the rest of carrots back .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed another cutting board and a knife .
the person sliced the carrot , .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person chopped up the carrot .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person got out a small bowl .
the person continued chopping the carrot up .
the person placed the carrots in the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot in the sink .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person put the carrot on a cutting board .
the person put the bag of carrots away .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut off the end of the carrot .
the person threw the end away .
the person took out a bigger cutting board .
the person cut the carrot into several pieces .
the person rinsed some of the carrot .
the person cut the carrot piecess lengthwise .
the person stood the carrot piecess on end .
the person took a small bowl out of the cabinet .
the person chopped the cut carrots into small pieces .
the person put the carrot pieces into the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a bag of carrots from the refrigerator .
the person removed one carrot from the bag .
the person rinsed one carrot .
the person put the remaining carrots in the refrigerator .
the person used a knife and cut the top off the carrot .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the carrot into five chunks .
the person sliced each chunk into verticle slices .
the person chopped the square slices into strips .
the person pulled a small bowl from the cabinet .
the person chopped the carrot strips into tiny cubes .
the person put the diced carrots into the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pack of carrots from the fridge .
the person took one carrot out .
the person rinsed one carrot .
the person put away the pack of carrots .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the top off the carrot .
the person threw the top away .
the person traded the cutting board for another .
the person cut the carrot into large pieces .
the person cut the large pieces into medium pieces .
the person got a bowl from the pantry .
the person cut the medium carrot pieces into small pieces .
the person put the small carrot pieces into the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled carrots out of the fridge .
the person rinsed the carrot using the sink .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person placed the carrots back into the fridge .
the person sliced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person pulled a small plate out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the rest of the carrot .
the person placed the sliced carrots on the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person got a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the end from the carrot .
the person cut the carrot in to chunks .
the person cut the chunks into small pieces .
the person put the pieces in a bowl .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a bag of carrots .
the person put the bag onto the counter .
the person took out one carrot .
the person washed the carrot .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person took out a small bowl .
the person put the diced pieces of carrot into the bowl .
the person walked in .
the person opened the fridge , .
the person took out a package of carrots .
the person placed one carrot into the sink .
the person washed one carrot under running water thoroughly .
the person removed a small rectangular cutting board from the drawer in front of her .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person returned the bag of carrots to the fridge .
the person used a knife from a drawer , he cut off the top of the carrot .
the person swapped out the rectangular cutting board with a round wooden one from the drawer .
the person placed the carrot onto the round cutting board , .
the person chopped the carrot into several thick discs .
the person cut each disc into thin slices , which took a long time .
the person removed a small white bowl from the cabinet behind his , .
the person continued cutting each piece of the carrot into even smaller pieces .
the person scooped the tiny carrot pieces into the white bowl with his hands .
the person rinsed the knife and the cutting board under running water .
the person set the knife and the cutting board aside on the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bag of carrots from the refrigerator .
the person took a carrot from the bag .
the person rinsed a carrot in the sink .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends from the carrot .
the person threw the ends in the trash .
the person cut the carrot into inch long chunks .
the person sliced each carrot chunk into thin slices .
the person cut each slice of carrot into thin strips .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person cut each thin strip of carrots into small bits .
the person put the diced carrot into a bowl .
the person rinsed his dirty dishes .
the person took a package of carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a carrot .
the person laid a carrot in the sink .
the person rinsed the carrot under the tap , .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person put the rinsed carrot on the cutting board .
the person put the package of carrots pack in the refrigerator .
the person got out a knife .
the person cut the top off the carrot .
the person threw the top of the carrot away .
the person took out another cutting board , .
the person put the carrot on the cutting board , .
the person put the first cutting board away .
the person cut the carrot into several large chunks .
the person sliced the chunks into small pieces .
the person placed the copped carrots in a small bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person took the carrots from the refrigerator .
the person opened up the pack of carrots .
the person washed a carrot in the sink .
the person took a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person put away the extra carrots .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced up the carrot .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got some carrots .
the person put a carrot in the sink .
the person rinsed the carrot off .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got out a cuffing board .
the person put the rest of the carrots back .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a knife .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got another cutting board .
the person put the old board back and used the other cutting board .
the person cut the carrot , .
the person rinsed some carrots off .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person cut the carrots lengthwise .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a bowl .
the person put the carrots in a the bowl .
the person took a package of carrots from the refrigerator .
the person removed a carrot from the package .
the person washed a carrot .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person returned the package of carrots to the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person chopped the ends off the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot into chunks .
the person sliced the chunks of carrot into smaller pieces .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person scooped the carrots onto the plate .
the person washed the dishes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a package of carrots from the refrigerator .
the person selected a carrot .
the person rinsed a carrot in the sink .
the person placed the carrot on a cutting board .
the person put the package back in the refrigerator .
the person cut the stem from the carrot .
the person moved the carrot to anothe cutting board .
the person cut the carrot into large chunks .
the person sliced the carrot into smaller slices .
the person diced the slices .
the person moved the diced to a small bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person got a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person got a mango from a refrigerator .
the person got two plates from a cabinet .
the person got another knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the mango with the small knife .
the person cut the mango off around the seed .
the person chopped the mango into small pieces .
the person rinsed a plate and a knife in a sink .
the person threw the peels in a trash can .
the person rinsed a plate and a vegetable peeler in the sink .
the person dried his hands with a hand towel .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took peeler from drawer .
the person took a mango from refrigerator .
two plates from shelf .
the person tried to remove mango skin with peeler .
the person took a knife from drawer .
the person removed mango skin with knife .
the person cut the mango into little tall pieces , .
the person took another big plate for remaining mango pieces .
the person shifted mango pieces from small plate into big plate .
the person thrown the waste of mango skin into bottom drawer .
the person cleaned plate .
the person cleaned his hands with cloth .
the person entered into a clean kitchen .
the person took out a peeler from drawer .
the person kept a peeler on the platform .
the person took a mango from freeze .
two plates from cabinet .
the person put all the mango and two plates on platform .
the person tried to peel of the mango with peeler .
the person took a knife from drawer .
the person peeled off the mango .
the person cut the mango into large pieces .
the person took one more plate from cabinet .
the person kept the plate on the platform .
the person cut the large pieces of mango into smaller pieces .
the person kept the pieces into third plate .
the person took the mango again .
the person removed remaining pieces from the mango .
the person transferred pieces from second plate to third plate .
the person washed the second plate and knife .
the person kept the second plate and knife aside .
the person threw wastes into the dustbin .
the person washed the plate and peeler .
the person kept the plate and peeler aside .
the person washed his hands .
the person wiped his hands with napkin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person rooted around , .
the person selected a peeler , .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person took out a mango .
the person took two plates out of a cabinet .
the person took the plates and the mango over to the counter .
the person set the plates and the mango down , .
the person picked up the peeler , .
the person tried to peel the mango .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person began to peel the mango with the knife , .
the person deposited the peels onto the larger plate .
the person had removed the peel , .
the person cut slices of the mango onto the smaller plate .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person took out another large plate .
the person cut the initial slices of mango into smaller pieces on the larger plate .
the person cut the last bits of fruit off of the seed onto the small plate .
the person added the small pieces of mango to the second large plate .
the person rinsed off the small plate and the knife .
the person threw away the mango peeled .
the person rinsed that plate , .
the person added that plate to the drying station with the other dishes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person took two plates out of the cabinet .
the person put the mango on the first plate .
the person tried to peel the mango with the vegetable peeler .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person peeled the mango with the knife .
the person put the mango on the second plate .
the person sliced the mango .
the person put the mango with the pit on the first plate .
the person took another plate out of the cabinet .
the person took the slices of mango .
the person cubed the slices of mango on the third plate .
the person took the unsliced piece of mango .
the person cut around the pit on the second plate .
the person put the rest of the cut mango on the third plate .
the person washed the second plate .
the person emptied the garbage off the first plate .
the person washed the first plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a peeler , mango and two plates .
the person started to peel the mango , .
the person took out a knife .
the person continued to peel the mango .
the person cut slices around the core , .
the person cut each piece in smaller chunks .
the person placed the smaller chunks on another plate .
the person cut completely around the core , .
the person washed the plate .
the person threw out the core and peel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a mango .
the person took two plates from the cabinet .
the person tried to use the peeler on the mango .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the skin from the mango .
the person cut the mango into slices .
the person got another plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the larger pieces into smaller pieces .
the person cleaned the dishes .
the person threw out the trash .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a mango out of the fridge .
the person grabbed two white plates out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the mango using a knife .
the person sliced the mango into little pieces on the second white plate .
the person grabbed a third white plate out the cabinet .
the person sliced the mango into tiny pieces on the third plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person tossed the leftovers into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person rummaged in a drawer full of kitchen utensils .
first the person picked up a can opener , .
the person examined a can opener .
the person put a can opener back .
the person found a peeler .
the person carefully closed the drawer .
the person put a peeler on the counter top .
the person walked over to the refrigerator , .
the person opened the door .
the person removed a mango from a crisper .
the person began to push the drawer back in .
the person took a peeler out of the drawer .
the person took a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person took two plates out of the pantry .
the person started peeling the mango over one of the plates .
the person took out a knife .
the person started peeling the mango with a knife .
the person sliced the mango with the knife .
the person took another plate out of the pantry .
the person cut the mango sliced into smaller pieces .
the person threw the mango skins in the trash .
the person rinsed the dishes .
the person dried his hands .
the person retreaved a pealer , a mango , and a couple plated .
the person peeled the mango .
the person placed the mango skin in a pile on the plate .
the person sliced the mango , .
the person diced all the pieces on a clean plate .
the person rinsed the dishes , .
the person disposed of his trash .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a kitchen utensil from the drawer .
the person removed a mango from the fridge .
the person removed two plates from a cabinet .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person used the knife to peel the mango .
the person sliced the mango .
the person put the mango on a dish .
the person washed everything he did n't need anymore .
the person got out a peeler , .
the person fetched a mango from the fridge .
the person also got a large and a small plate .
the person tried to peel the skin of the mange with the peeler .
the person peeled the skin off in long spirals .
the person cut the flesh off the stone in chucks .
the person used a third plate to cut up the chucks into dice .
the person washed up the first two plates , the peeler and the knife .
the person discarded the peel and stone .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person removed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person took out one small plate and one large plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the mango with a knife .
the person sliced the mango into pieces .
the person removed another large plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the pieces smaller .
the person placed the pieces on the large plate , .
the person rinsed the small plate and a large plate in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person drew a peeler from the utensil drawer .
the person went to refrigerator .
the person took out a mango .
the person proceeded to gather two plates from the cupboard .
the person tried to peel of the mango with peeler .
the person drew a sharp knife from the utensil drawer .
the person peeled the mango with the sharp knife .
the person discarded the peeled skin to one of the plates .
the person placed the mango on the empty plate .
the person began to slice the mango into about a dozen bits .
the person took the large mango bits .
the person began to cut the large mango bits into bite-sized bits .
the person washed the plates and utensils .
the person discarded the skin .
the person entered .
the person took out a peeler , two plates , and one mango .
the person closed the cabinet .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the mango with a knife .
the person cut chunks from the mango .
the person grabbed another plate from the cupboard .
the person cut the chunks into smaller pieces .
the person rinsed one plate and the knife in the sink .
the person threw the mango scraps into the trash bin .
the person rinsed the scrap plate and the peeler under running water .
the person dried his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a kitchen utensil from the drawer .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed a mango .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person opened up the cabinet .
the person removed two plates .
the person closed the cabinet .
the person waked over to the counter .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person removed a knife .
the person peeled the mango .
the person sliced the mango over the other plate .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed another plate .
the person walked back over to the counter .
the person sliced the mango further .
the person rinsed off the plate in the sink .
the person tossed the scraps in the trash can .
the person dried off his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a peeler .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a mango .
the person took out two plates .
the person took out a knife .
the person peeled the mango .
the person put the peeled mango onto the smaller plate .
the person cut the mango into slices .
the person took out another plate .
the person cut the slices of mango into smaller pieces .
the person put the finely cut mango onto the new plate .
the person washed the extra plates .
the person disposed of the mango peel .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a mango .
the person got two plates from the cabinet .
the person tried to peel the skin off the mango with the peeler .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person used a knife to cut the skin off the mango .
the person placed the mango on a plate .
the person began to cut the mango into medium pieces .
the person got another plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the medium pieces into smaller pieces on the plate .
the person rinsed two of the plates .
the person threw away the mango skin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took bulb of ginger out of the cabinet .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person washed a plate .
the person cut a piece off the ginger .
the person returned the larger piece to the cabinet .
the person washed the smaller piece of ginger .
the person sliced the ginger on the cutting board .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person threw the debris into the garbage pail .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took a cutting board , a knife , a ginger and a plate .
the person washed the plate .
the person sliced a quarter from the ginger .
the person placed back the rest .
the person washed the ginger .
the person sliced the edge .
the person moved the edge apart , .
the person further sliced the ginger .
finely chopped the ginger .
the person moved the ginger to the plate .
the person threw away the edge to the trash .
the young person removed a piece of ginger from the food cupboard .
the person used a knife and chopping board , he chopped off about an inch of ginger .
the person washed this piece thoroughly .
the person cut the ginger piece into thin slices .
the person further chopped the slices into thin slivers .
the person transferred the slivers on to a clean plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
from the pantry the person got a ginger root and a plate .
the person washed the plate in the sink .
the person cut a piece of ginger off the main root .
the person put the larger part of the root back in the pantry .
the person washed the smaller root .
the person used the knife to slice the ginger root into small pieces .
the person used the knife to transfer the pieces to the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from the kitchen drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person removed a knife from another kitchen drawer .
the person placed a knife on the counter .
the person turned towards the cabinet/pantry .
the person removed some ginger .
the person placed some ginger on cutting board .
the person returned to an adjacent cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person vigorously rinsed the plate in the kitchen sink .
the person placed the plate to the cutting board on the counter .
the person cut the ginger root in half .
the person placed one half back in the cabinet/pantry .
the person took the remaining half .
the person rinsed the remaining half vigorously in the kitchen sink .
the person cut the ends off of the ginger with the knife .
the person cut the ginger in half .
the person took one half of the ginger .
the person sliced one half of the ginger .
the person took the other half of the ginger .
the person sliced the other half of the ginger .
the person sliced the already sliced ginger again .
the person placed the finished slices on the plate .
the person left the knife on the cutting board .
the person placed the ends in the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person took fresh ginger from the cupboard .
the person brought a plate from the cupboard .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person cut a piece from the ginger .
the person put the remaining ginger back into the cupboard .
the person rinsed the cut piece of ginger .
the person cut tips off of the ginger .
the person cut the ginger in half .
the person chopped the ginger with the knife .
the person placed the chopped pieces onto the plate .
the person threw the tips into the trash .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting bored and knife .
the person removed ginger from the cabinet .
the person took a bowl from another cabinet .
the person washed the bowl in the sink .
the person sliced a piece of the ginger .
the person put a piece of the ginger back in the cabinet .
the person washed the remaining ginger in the sink .
the person sliced the ginger into two pieces .
the person sliced the halves into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person threw a scrap piece into the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected a cutting board and large knife .
the person selected a large ginger root from the cupboard .
the person also selected a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate in the sink .
the person cut a small chunk from the ginger root .
the person put the rest back in the cupboard .
the person rinsed the piece of ginger in the sink .
the person used the knife to remove some bad spots .
the person cut the ginger in half .
with the cut side down , the person carefully sliced each half .
the person cut each slice into long thin strips .
the person put the long thin strips on the clean plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person set a knife and a cutting board on the counter .
the person retrieved a piece of ginger from the pantry .
the person set a piece of ginger on the cutting board .
the person got a plate from the cupboard , .
the person washed a plate under the faucet .
the person set a plate net to the cutting board .
the person took the ginger .
the person cut a chunk off , .
the person placed the remaining ginger back in the pantry , .
the person washed off the chunk .
the person cut the chunk into halves , .
thinly sliced both halves .
the person turned the slices .
the person cut the slices into small chunks .
the person put the small chunks of ginger on the plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got ginger root from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person washed a plate off in the sink .
the person cut a chunk off the ginger root .
the person put the rest back in the refrigerator .
the person washed the ginger root in the sink .
the person cut the top off the ginger root .
the person sliced the ginger root into small matchsticks .
the person put the matchsticks on the plate .
the person put the top end of the ginger root in the trash .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , plate , and ginger root .
the person washed the plate .
the person cut a segment off of the ginger , .
the person placed the remaining back in the cupboard .
the person washed the piece of ginger he cut .
the person sliced the ginger into very thin pieces , .
the person placed the very thin pieces of ginger onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out ginger .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed a plate .
the person cut the ginger into two pieces .
the person put the larger piece back into the cabinet .
the person washed the smaller piece of ginger .
the person cut the ginger into thin slices .
the person cut the ginger again .
the person put the strands of ginger onto the plate .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got some ginger and a plate out of the cabinets .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person cut a chunk from the ginger .
the person placed the rest back in the cabinet .
the person washed the chunk of ginger .
the person removed the ends from the ginger .
the person cut the ginger in half .
the person sliced the half .
the person thinly sliced each slice .
the person place the ginger slices on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got some ginger .
the person placed some ginger on the cutting board .
the person took out a bowl from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a bowl with water .
the person cut off a piece of the ginger .
the person put the rest back into the cupboard .
the person rinsed off the piece of the ginger he left out .
the person proceeded to slice the ginger into small pieces in one direction .
the person cut the pieces of ginger into smaller pieces in another direction .
the person placed the usable ginger into the bowl .
the person threw away some scraps .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a knife and a cutting board .
the person placed the items on the counter .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person got out ginger .
the person placed the ginger on the cutting board .
the person sliced the ginner with the knife .
the person turned the water on , .
the person rinsed the ginger in the sink .
the person diced the ginger with a different technique .
the person sliced the ginger more .
the person placed the ginger on the plate .
the person tossed the scraps in the trash can .
the person entered the room .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a trencher .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took a knife .
the person opened a closet .
the person grabbed a ginger .
the person opened another closet .
the person took a medium sized plate .
the person washed the plate into the sink .
the person cut the ginger in two pieces .
the person took one of the piece .
the person put one of the piece back into the closet .
the person took the other piece .
the person washed the other piece into the sink .
the person cut the ginger in to halfs .
the person sliced each half into thin slices .
the person sliced the thin slices all again into french fries shaped slices .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person threw the rested in the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person got out a knife .
the person placed a knife on the board .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got out ginger root .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a plate in the sink .
the person put the plate to the cutting board .
the person cut off a piece of ginger .
the person put the rest back in the pantry .
the person rinsed the piece he cut off in the sink .
the person cut the ginger in half .
the person cut the halves into thin slices .
the person cut the slices into strips .
the person placed the strips on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person brought a ginger root from the cabinet .
the person put a ginger root on the cutting board .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person cut a small portion of ginger from the root .
the person put the rest of the ginger in the cabinet .
the person herinsed the ginger in the sink .
the person julienned the ginger on the cutting board .
the person placed the ginger on the plate .
the person stepped away .
the person moved the plate towards the center of the counter .
the person entered the room .
the person openned a drawer .
the person took a trencher and a knife .
the person took a ginger from the closet .
the person took a medium sized plate .
the person washed a medium sized plate .
the person cut the ginger ito two halfs .
the person took one half of the ginger .
the person put one half back into the closet .
the person washed the ginger in the sink .
the person cut the ginger into two halfs .
the person cut each half into thin slices .
the person cut each slice into thin chips .
the person put the chips on the plate .
the person threw the scraps into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person retrieved ginger and a plate from the cabinet .
the person left the ginger on the cutting board .
the person washed the plate in the sink .
the person began cutting by chopping a chunk of the root off .
the person returned the rest to the pantry .
the person washed the ginger .
the person returned the ginger to the cutting board .
the person proceeded to chop the ginger without peeling it .
from the rough chop the person did , he continued with a julienne of the ginger .
the person moved the julienne to the plate .
the person discarded the trash .
the person acquired a wooden cutting board , knife , ginger and a plate from the cupboards .
the person washed the plate in the sink briefly .
the person cut a chunk of the ginger .
the person returned the larger portion to the cupboard .
the person thoroughly rinsed the ginger in the sink .
the person cut the uncut end of the ginger off .
the person cut the ginger into two halves .
the person sliced each half of the ginger into small chip-sized pieces .
the person gathered a few of the already cut pieces .
the person cut a few of the already cut pieces again into even smaller slices .
the person transferred the cut pieces of ginger onto the plate .
the person disposed of the end of the ginger .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife , ginger , and a plate .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person cut off a chunk of ginger .
the person put the rest away .
the person rinsed the ginger .
the person sliced the ginger into thin slices .
the person put the sliced pieces of ginger onto a place .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person got two potatoes from the cupboard .
the person also got two plates .
the person got a potato peeler , a cutting board and a knife as well .
the person peeled one potato over a plate .
the person put both potatoes on the cutting board .
the person peeled the other potato in the same manner .
the person sliced the potatoes into smaller pieces .
the person put the pieces on the other plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two potatoes from the pantry .
the person took two plates from the cabinet .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person took a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person scraped the peeler across the potato .
the person removed the skin from the potato .
the person cut the potato in half lengthwise .
the person sliced each half of the potato .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person placed some potatoes on a counter .
the person placed a plate , a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took two potatoes from the shelf .
the person placed the potatoes on the cutting wood .
the person took two plates from the shelf again .
the person took knife and slicer from the cupboard .
the person sliced the potatoes using the slicer .
the person cut the potatoes using the knife .
the person placed the cut potatoes on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two potatoes , two plates and a peeler .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person washed the potatoes in the sink , .
the person peeled both with the peeler .
the person peeled both .
the person diced the potatoes into small pieces with the knife .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled potatoes and white plates out of the cabinet .
the person pulled a cutting board and peeler out of the fridge .
the person peeled the potatoes over the white plate .
the person peeled the potatoes with a peeler .
the person sliced the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person sliced the potatoes on the board .
the person placed the sliced potatoes on the white plate .
the person placed the sliced potatoes on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
from a middle cabinet the person took two potatoes .
the person set two potatoes on the counter .
from the cabinet to a middle cabinet the person took a plate .
the person set the plate on the counter by the potatoes .
the person got a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person got a second plate .
the person set a second plate on the counter .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person began to slice the potatoes into chunks .
the person put the chunks of potato on the second plate .
the person obtained two potatoes .
the person placed two potatoes into a work area .
the person obtained a plate .
also placed a plate into the work area .
the person obtained a potato peeler .
the person placed a potato peeler into the work area .
the person obtained a second plate .
also placed a second plate into the work area .
the person obtained a large knife .
the person placed a large knife onto the cutting board .
the person obtained a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board into the work area .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person placed one potato aside .
the person peeled the other potato .
the person placed the peeled potato onto the cutting board .
the person grabbed the other potato .
the person peeled the other potato .
the person placed the second potato onto the cutting board .
the person cut the potatoes lengthwise into halves .
the person cut the halves crosswise into small slices .
the person removed two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person took out another plate from the cabinet .
the person took out a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the potatoes in the sink .
the person peeled both potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes into many pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person got out two plates .
the person removed a peeler , cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person placed all of a peeler , cutting board and knife things on the counter .
the person washed the potatoes under the faucet .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person put the peelings on a plate .
the person placed the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person cut the potatoes into small pieces .
the person put the small places on a plate .
the person removed two potatoes .
two plates from a cabinet .
the person removed a peeler , a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes onto the plate .
the person cut the potatoes in half .
the person cut each half into slices .
the person placed the slices on the other plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two potatoes from the cupboard .
the person took a two plates from the cabinet and a peeler , knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes over a plate .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person diced the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person put the potato diced on the other plate .
the person stepped away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person removed a vegetable peeler from the drawer .
the person took another plate from the cabinet .
the person put another plate on the counter .
the person moved a knife and cutting board from the drawer to the counter top .
the person washed the potatoes at the sink .
the person peeled the potatoes over one of the plates .
the person placed the peeled potatoes on the cutting board .
the person sliced up the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes on the other plate .
the person got two potatoes from a cabinet .
the person got two plates from the cabinet .
the person got a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person peeled the potatoes over a plate .
the person chopped the potatoes on a cutting board .
the person put the chopped potatoes on a plate .
the person took out two potatoes , two plates , and a peeler .
the person took a knife and cutting board out of drawers .
the person rinsed a potato .
the person peeled a potato .
the person peeled the second potato .
the person sliced the potatoes in half .
the person cut the halves into small pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person removed two plates from the cabinet .
the person also took out a peeler , knife , and cutting board .
the person washed the potatoes in the sink .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the skins fell on one of the plates .
the person cut the potatoes in half .
the person sliced the potatoes into smaller pieces .
the person placed the chopped potatoes on the other plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed two potatoes .
the person set two potatoes down .
the person removed a plate .
the person got out a peeler .
the person got out another plate .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person allowed the peel to fall onto the plate .
the person placed the peeled potato on the cutting board .
the person sliced the peeled potatoes .
the person placed the slices of peeled potatoes on the other plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two potatoes and two plates from the pantry .
the person got a cutting boar , peeler , and knife from under the counter .
the person peeled the potatoes over a plate .
the person placed the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to slice the potatoes into medium slices .
the person put the slices onto the other plate .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a orange from refrigerator .
the person took a round pad , spoon and a knife from drawer .
the person cut orange upon skin roundly .
the person removed the skin with spoon into two parts .
the person cut orange into four pieces .
the person took a plate from shelf .
the person did put four pieces on plate .
the person cleaned spoon with water .
the person cleaned the spoon with cloth .
the person cleaned knife with water .
also cleaned the knife with cloth .
the the person thrown orange skin into bottom drawer .
the person cleaned pad with water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board , spoon and knife from under the counter .
the person cut around the center of the orange .
the person used the spoon to take the peel off .
the person cut the orange into quarters .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the orange pieces onto the plate .
the person rinsed the spoon , knife and cutting board .
the person threw away the orange rinds .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out an orange , cutting board , knife and spoon .
the person hit flesh .
the person used the spoon to separate the peel from the flesh .
the person was able to remove the entire peel in one piece .
the person cut the orange into quarters .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the quarters onto the plate , .
the person washed the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person took an orange from a fridge .
the person got out a spoon and a chopping board , .
the person placed an orange on the counter .
the person selected a chef 's knife .
the person carefully cut round the orange with the knife just through the peel .
the person inserted the spoon between the peel and the orange , .
the person processed to strip off the peel , working round and round to take it off from each side of the orange .
the peel came off in two perfect halves .
the person cut the peeled orange into four quarters .
the person placed the quarters on a plate that he took from a cupboard .
the person washed the utensils .
the person dried the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person disposed of the peel .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took an orange out .
the person pulled the drawer under the counter open .
the person took out a cutting board , a spoon , and a knife .
the person carefully cut around the orange , .
the person inserted the spoon between the flesh and peel .
the person ran the spoon along the flesh of the orange , .
the person loosened the orange from the peel .
the person removed both halves of the peel he finished .
the person cut the orange into four wedges .
the person washed the spoon and knife .
the person put the spoon and knife away .
the person threw away the orange peel .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out and orange .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person put the orange on a cutting board .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a spoon and a knife .
the person used the knife to cut a slit into the skin of the orange .
the person used the spoon to pry the skin loose from the orange .
the person cut the orange into wedges .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
an took out a plate .
the person transferred the wedges onto the plate .
the person washed the knife .
the person threw away the skin .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person removed an orange from the fridge .
the person placed the orange on a cutting board .
the person used a knife to slice through the orange peel .
the person used a spoon to remove the peel from the orange .
the person cut the orange into four parts .
the person placed the orange on a plate .
the person washed the spoon , .
the person dried the spoon .
the person placed the spoon into the drawer .
the person washed the knife , .
the person dried the knife , .
the person placed the knife into the drawer .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person shook the excess water off , .
the person placed the cutting board into the drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person got a spoon and knife from the drawer .
the person scored the orange down the middle .
the person inserted the spoon into the cut .
the person twisted the orange .
the person used this method he separated the rind from the flesh .
the person twisted the halves of the rind away from the flesh .
the person cut the orange in half in fourths .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person put the orange pieces on the plate .
the person rinsed the spoon in the sink .
the person put the spoon away .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person put the knife away .
the person threw away the halves of rind .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board , spoon , and knife from the drawer .
the person made a small cut around the orange with the knife .
the person used the spoon to open the orange .
the person removed the orange peels from the orange .
the person sliced the orange into fourths .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the orange slices on the plate .
the person washed the spoon and knife .
the person placed the spoon and knife in the drawer .
the person threw the orange peels in the garbage .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board in the drawer .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed an orange out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board , spoon , and knife out of the drawer .
the person peeled the orange using the spoon .
the person sliced the orange into little pieces .
the person grabbed a white plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the orange on the white plate .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person got a orange from a refrigerator .
the person got a knife , a spoon , and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person traced a line around the orange .
the person slid the spoon underneath the oranges skin .
the person slid the spoon around the orange .
the person peeled the rest of the orange with his hands .
the person sliced the orange into fours .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the spoon in a sink .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person threw the orange peel in a trash can .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed an orange .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person placed the orange on the cutting board .
the person peeled the orange .
the person sliced the orange into four sections .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person closed the cabinet .
the person placed the orange slices on the plate .
the person rinsed off the kitchen utensil .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person dried off the knife .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board in the drawer .
the person got an orange out .
the person got out a cutting board spoon and a knife .
the person scored the orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange in quaters .
the person put the orange on a plate .
the person rinced the spoon .
the person rinced the knife .
the person trew away the peel .
the person rinced off the cutting board .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a spoon and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the skin of the orange delicately .
the person slipped the spoon between the skin and pulp of the orange .
the person moved the spoon around the orange to loosen the skin .
the person removed the skin from the orange .
the person cut the orange into four pieces .
the person got a plate .
the person put the orange on a plate .
the person washed the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person came in clean kitchen .
the person took an orange from refrigerator .
the person also took a wood mat a spoon and a knife from drawer .
the person gave a small cutting line on orange .
the person remove whole cover of orange with spoon .
the person divided orange in four pieces .
the person put out a plate from cupboard .
the person washed the knife and spoon .
clean knife and spoon in drawer .
the person put range covers in dustbin , .
the person washed mat .
the person put the mat in drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person took an orange to the counter .
the person drew a knife , cutting board , and spoon from a drawer .
the person cut a slit into the peel of the orange .
the person placed the spoon into the slit and under the peel .
the person worked the spoon around the orange .
the person detached the orange from the peel .
the person pulled both halves of the orange peel from the orange .
the person placed the orange on the cutting board .
the person sliced the orange into quarters .
the person took a plate from a cupboard .
the person placed the orange quarters on the plate .
the person washed the spoon , knife , and cutting board in the sink .
the person dried each utensil .
the person put each utensil away .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , a spoon and a chopper .
the person slit the rind of the orange , all along the center of the orange with the knife .
by doing so , the person had slit the orange rind neatly into two parts .
the person inserted the top portion of the spoon under the rind of the orange on one side .
the person loosened up the rind completely in this manner .
the person ran the spoon , thus placed under the rind , all around the orange .
the person just pulled off the rind from both sides , like taking a lid off the orange .
the person cut the orange vertically into four chunks .
the person arranged these chunks on a plate .
the person washed up the spoon , the knife and the cutting board .
the person removed an orange from the fridge .
the person placed the orange on a cutting board .
the person removed a knife and a spoon from a drawer .
the person used the utensils to help him peel the orange with his hands .
the person sliced the orange into sections .
the person plated the oranges .
the person washed the utensils .
the person dried his utensils .
the person threw away his trash .
the person took an orange from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board , a spoon , and a large knife from the drawers .
the person used the knife to cut around the circumference of the orange .
the person used the spoon to separate the peel from the orange .
the person twisted the peel off of the orange .
the person cut the orange into quarters with the knife .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the orange slices onto the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board , knife , and spoon .
the person dried the cutting board , knife , and spoon .
the person put away the cutting board , knife , and spoon .
the person threw the orange peels into the trash bin .
the person moved the plate to the center of the counter .
the person took and orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a spoon and a knife out of another drawer .
the person sliced the orange peel around the orange with the knife .
the person used the spoon to work around the orange .
the person peeled the orange peel off .
the person cut the orange into quarters with the knife .
the person got a plate out of the pantry .
the person put the orange pieces on a plate .
the person washed the spoon in the sink .
the person dried the spoon .
the person put the spoon away .
the person did the same for the knife .
the person threw the orange peels in the trash .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person shook the cutting board dry .
the person took out a piece of ginger .
the person placed a piece of ginger on a board .
the person chopped the ginger .
the person diced the ginger into tiny pieces .
the person washed his hands .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took a small cutting board and knife from drawers .
the person put a small cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person removed two pieces of ginger from a cabinet .
the person put two pieces of ginger on the counter .
the person removed the outer layer from one piece of ginger .
the person threw the outer layer in the garbage .
the person chopped up that piece of ginger into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board from the drawer as well .
the person started by heading over to the knives drawer .
the person selected a chopping knife .
the person walked over to a spice cabinet .
the person pulled out what looked like ginger .
the person brought that ginger over to his cutting board .
the person set the ginger down on the cutting board .
the person cut the ginger in half .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person grabbed what seemed to be a grater .
the person started grating the ginger piece that he cut in half .
the person grabbed the separated husk .
the person proceeded to throw the separated husk away in the trash .
the person threw away the husk .
the person began to chop up the ginger in fine pieces .
the person chopped up the ginger , .
the person whipped off the knife .
the person washed off his hands in the sink .
the person nodded to someone in the background .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a piece of ginger .
the person cut the ginger into two pieces .
the person took out a peeler .
the person peeled half the ginger .
the person sliced the peeled ginger .
the person diced the ginger .
the person ran the blade through the ginger .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out a cutting board and a chopper .
the person took out a big piece of ginger .
the person cut a big piece of ginger in half .
the person peeled the skin off with a peeler .
the person cut off a tiny portion off the tip .
the person cut the ginger into several thin , long strips .
once this was done , the person chopped overall the pieces with the chopper .
the person minced the ginger strips .
the person chopped over and over again till the ginger was minced very finely .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from the different drawer .
the person put a knife on the cutting board .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person took out a root of ginger .
the person cut a smaller chunk out of the ginger , about one-third .
the person took a peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the skin off the smaller chunk .
the person picked up the peeled skin .
the person threw the peeled skin into the trash .
the person cut the ginger into thin slices .
the person cut the thin slices into small , chopped pieces .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person set the knife back on the cutting board .
the person turned on the sink to wash his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed a ginger .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a peeler .
the person peeled the ginger over the cutting board .
the person used the peeler to peel the ginger .
the person allowed the scraps to fall on the cutting board .
the person gathered the peelings .
the person tossed the peelings in the trash .
the person sliced the peeled ginger .
the person sliced the ginger further .
the diced the ginger .
the person moved the cutting board .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took out ginger from the cabinet .
the person cut off part of the ginger .
the person removed a peeler .
the person peeled the piece of ginger .
the person threw the skin in the garbage .
the person sliced the piece of ginger into smaller pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board and ginger .
the person cut off a piece of ginger , .
the person peeled a piece of ginger with the knife and peeler .
the person threw out the peel , .
the person diced the ginger .
the person washed his hands .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got ginger root from a cabinet .
the person cut off a piece of ginger with a knife .
the person got a vegetable peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the ginger with the peeler .
the person put the skin in the trash can .
the person diced the ginger on the cutting board .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a knife out of another drawer .
the person took a piece of ginger out of the pantry .
the person sliced a chunk from the larger piece .
the person took a peeler out of a drawer .
the person peeled the smaller piece of ginger .
the person diced the ginger up into small pieces with the knife .
the person walked to the counter .
the person took a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person retrieved a piece of ginger from a cupboard .
the person sliced a piece of ginger in half .
the person took a peeling utensil from a drawer .
began to peel the ginger .
the ginger was peeled the person discarded the peelings .
the person sliced the ginger .
the person chopped the slices into finer pieces .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from beneath the counter .
the person opened the pantry .
the person took out some ginger .
the person cut the ginger with the knife .
the person got a vegetable peeler from the drawer .
the person cut the peel from the cut ginger .
the person chopped the peeled ginger into small pieces .
a young person came into kitchen .
the person took a knife and pad from drawers .
the person took ginger from shelf .
the person cut the ginger into two pieces .
the person tried to remove skin from one piece of ginger .
the person took a ginger skin remover .
the person removed the one piece of ginger skin .
the person thrown removed skin into bottom drawer .
the person made one piece of ginger into very small pieces .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a small cutting board from the drawer .
the person also got out a knife .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person walked to the pantry .
the person selected a root of ginger .
the person cut a small piece off of the ginger root .
the person got a peeler out of the drawer .
the person used the peeler to take the skin off of the ginger .
the person threw the ginger skin in the garbage can .
the person used the knife to cut the ginger into pieces .
the person finely diced the ginger .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink once he was done .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person walked over to a cabinet .
the person took out some ginger .
the person place the ginger on the cutting board .
the person used a knife to cut a piece of the ginger off .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a peeler .
the person used the peeler to remove the skin from the ginger .
the person was done , he collected all the pieces of skin .
the person threw all the pieces of skin away .
the person returned to the cutting board .
the person started cutting the ginger in to smaller pieces .
the person continued to cut the ginger until the ginger was minced .
the person finished , he rinsed his hands .
the person took out a small chopping board and a chef 's knife .
the person fetched a piece of fresh stem ginger from a cupboard .
the person cut off a walnut sized piece .
the person looked in a drawer for a peeler .
the person removed the skin .
the person discarded this into a waste bin .
the person cut the ginger into slices .
the person chopped the ginger finely .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a cutting board and knife out from under the counter .
the person took a knob of ginger from the pantry , .
the person cut a small piece off .
the person took out a vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the skin of the ginger off .
the person left the skin on the cutting board .
the person was done , he picked the pieces of skin off the board .
the person threw the pieces of skin away .
the person cut the knob of ginger into slices , .
the person diced the knob of ginger up .
the person ran his knife through the ginger several times .
the person minced the ginger .
the person washed his hands he was done .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person grabbed ginger out the cabinet .
the person peeled the ginger using his hands and peeler .
the person tossed the ginger skins into the garbage .
the person chopped the ginger into little pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
from the pantry the person got a ginger root .
the person cut a piece of the ginger root off .
the person used a peeler to peel the skin off .
the person threw away the skin .
the person chopped the piece of ginger into small pieces .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person removed a package of green beans from the refrigerator .
the person got a knife , cutting board , and two bowled from a drawer .
the person took five green beans from the package .
the person put the remainder back in the refrigerator .
the person washed the beans , .
the person capped the beans , .
the person cut up the beans .
the person put the bean pieces in the bowl .
the person threw away the caps from the beans .
the person cleaned up the utensils .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a box of long pea pods .
the person took out two knives , a bowl , and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person chose some pods to use .
the person placed some pods on the cutting board .
the person returned the unused peas to the refrigerator .
the person removed a metal bowl from the drawer .
the person rinsed the pea pods .
the person cut the tips off of the pea pods into the plastic bowl .
the person sliced the peas on the cutting board .
the person placed the sliced pod pieces into the metal bowl .
the person threw the pea pod tips into the waste bin .
the person rinsed the knives , plastic bowl , and cutting board .
the person removed green beans from the refrigerator .
the person got two knives from the drawer .
the person got a bowl from the drawer .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed five green beans on the cutting board .
the person got a stainless steel bowl from the drawer .
the person rinsed the green beans .
the person removed the ends from the green beans .
the person sliced each green bean on the diagonal into 1/2 inch slices .
the person put the slices into the stainless steel bowl .
the person threw the ends of the green beans into the trash .
the person rinsed his knives , scrap bowl , and cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a box of long beans .
the person placed a box of long beans on the counter , .
the person removed two knives from underneath the counter .
the person took out a plastic storage container and cutting board from a drawer under the counter .
the person opened the box .
the person took out about six beans , .
the person put the box back in the refrigerator .
the person put the box back , .
the person got a bowl out from under the counter top .
the person rinsed the beans off under running water .
the person trimmed the ends off each bean with the smaller knife .
the person sliced the beans into small pieces .
the person moved all the sliced pieces into the bowl .
the person disposed of all the bean ended in the trash .
the person washed all the kitchenware he used .
the person dried his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed some vegetables .
the person placed the vegetables on the counter .
the person opened up drawers .
the person removed knives , a cutting board , and a tupper ware bowl .
the person got out some vegetables from the bag , .
the person placed the rest of the bag back in the refrigerator .
the person removed another bowl from the drawer .
the person set another bowl down .
the person rinsed off the vegetables .
the person trimmed the ends over the tupper ware .
the person sliced the rest of the vegetables up on the cutting board .
the person placed the sliced , trimmed vegetables in the bowl .
the person placed the trimmings in the trash .
the person rinsed the tupper ware out .
the person placed the tupper ware upside down .
the person rinsed off the knife and cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person removed a package of vegetables from the refrigerator .
the person gathered a container , a knife , a cutting board , and a bowl .
the person washed off the vegetable .
the person peeled the vegetables .
the person cut the vegetables .
the person put the pieces of the vegetable he cut into the bowl .
the person discarded the rind and pieces he did not need .
the person washed off the items he used .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a package of large peas , two knives , a tupperware container , and a cutting board .
the person opened the package of peas .
the person took out a handful of peas , .
the person put the rest in the refrigerator .
the person took out a bowl , .
the person washed the peas in the sink , .
the person placed the peas on the cutting board .
the person used a small paring knife to cut off the stemmed of the peas , .
the person put the stemmed of the peas in the tupperware .
the person sliced each pea pod horizontally , .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person discarded the tops and bottoms into the trash can , .
the person washed the tupperware and knives .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pack of snap peas from the fridge .
the person got two knives , a cutting board , and a bowl from under the counter .
the person unwrapped the peas .
the person got another bowl from under the counter .
the person rinsed the peas at the sink .
the person used the small knife to cut the ends off the peas into the larger bowl .
the person used the larger knife to slice the peas into pieces .
the person placed the pieces of peas into the smaller bowl .
the person threw away the end pieces he put in the bowl .
the person rinsed the bowl , cutting board , and knives .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a plastic wrapped container of snap peas .
the person walked over .
the person reached under the counter .
the person set the peas down on the counter .
the person pulled out a drawer .
from the drawer the person removed two knives .
below the drawer with the knives the person opened a lower pantry .
the person pulled out a wooden cutting board and a plastic tupperware bowl .
the person removed a few snap peas from the container .
the person placed the container back into the refrigerator .
the person walked back over to the counter .
the person removed a aluminum bowl from where he removed the tupperware container .
the person picked up the remaining peas .
the person washed the remaining peas in water .
the person picked up each pod individually .
the person cut off the ends , .
the person discarded the ends into the plastic bowl .
the person , one by one , sliced each pod individually into small sections .
the person placed the small sections in the aluminum bowl .
the person was done he walked over to the sink .
the person placed the knives and cutting board on the edge of the sink .
the person threw away the discarded pod ends .
the person proceeded to wash the tupperware container and cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a package of snowpeas .
the person took out a knife , a plastic bowl , and a cutting board from under the sink .
the person removed six snowpeas from the package , .
the person placed six snowpeas on the cutting board , .
the person returned the package to the refrigerator .
upon his return , the person removed another smaller metal bowl from underneath the sink .
the person washed the snowpeas .
the person washed the peas .
the person placed the snowpeas back on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to remove the stemmed into the plastic bowl .
the person finished stemming the snowpeas , .
the person used the knife to cut the snowpeas into small segments .
the person placed the segments into the small metal bowl .
the person dumped the plastic bowl 's contents into the trashcan .
the person washed the bowl , the knife , and the cutting board .
the person washed , he laid each piece to dry .
the person dried his hands .
the person removed a pack of beans from the refrigerator .
the person got two knives , two bowled , and a cutting board from some drawers .
the person opened the beans .
the person got some beans out .
the person put the package back in the fridge .
the person washed the beans .
the person cut the ends .
the person removed the strings into one bowl .
the person cut the beans into bite sized pieces .
the person placed the beans in the other bowl .
the person thew away the ends and strings .
the person washed the bowl , knives , and cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled out some snap peas .
the person placed some snap peas on the counter .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person pulled out a small knife , medium sized knife , tupperware container , a small aluminum bowl and a wooden cutting board .
the person rinsed off the snap peas in the sink .
the person rinsed the snap peas off .
the person proceeded to cut off the ends of the snap peas .
the person cut off the ends .
the person placed the discarded ends in the tupperware container .
the person placed the snap peas on the wooden cutting board .
the person started slicing the snap peas at an angle .
each snap pea the person sliced .
the person placed the slices in the aluminum bowl .
the person threw away the ends of the snap peas .
the person washed the used dishes .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a package of long , flat green beans .
the person put the package on the counter .
the person took out two knives , a cutting board , and a plastic container from a drawer .
the person opened the package , .
the person took out five of the beans , .
the person returned the package to the refrigerator .
the person got a small stainless steel bowl out of the drawer .
the person washed the beans , .
the person trimmed off the ends with the smaller knife .
the person discarded the ends in the plastic container .
with the larger knife , the person cut one of the beans into small diagonal pieces .
the person placed these pieces in the stainless steel bowl .
the person repeated this process with the remaining four beans .
the person threw away the ends of the beans .
the person rinsed off the container , the knives , and the cutting board in the sink .
the person with short , black , curly hair took a bag of long , green vegetables out of the fridge , .
the person placed a bag of long , green vegetables onto a round cutting board .
the person prepared his counter space with two small pairing knives , a metal bowl , and a square tupperware container .
the person took five vegetables out of the bag .
the person placed the rest of the vegetables back into the fridge .
the person hand-washed the vegetables in the sink .
carefully trimmed the edges using a pairing knife .
the person placed the discarded edges into the tupperware container .
the person sliced each of the prepared vegetable pieces into small diagonal sections .
the person placed the small diagonal sections into the metal bowl .
the person placed the cutting board and knives on the sink .
the person discarded the contents of the tupperware into the garbage .
the person rinsed the tupperware dish and two knives , .
the person set the tupperware dish and two knives in the side compartment of the sink .
the person used a small blue and yellow sponge to wash the cutting board with water .
the person dried he hands with a white and red plaid towel .
the person removed a package of green vegetables from the refrigerator .
the person removed two knives from the drawer .
the person also took out a cutting board and tupperware .
the person placed five leaves of the vegetable on the cutting board .
the person placed the rest of the vegetables back in the refrigerator .
the person removed another bowl from the drawer .
the person washed the five leaves in the sink .
the person sliced small pieces of the leaves into the tupperware .
the person sliced the leaves into bigger pieces .
the person put the bigger pieces of leaves into the bowl .
the person threw the small pieces in the tupperware into the garbage .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took green beans out of the refrigerator .
the person took two knives out of the drawer .
the person took a plastic container and cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took some of the green beans out of the package .
the person returned the rest of the green beans to the refrigerator .
the person took a metal bowl out of the drawer .
the person washed the green beans in the sink .
the person placed the green beans on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off of each green bean over the plastic container .
the person returned the prepared green beans to the cutting board .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person put the small pieces into the metal bowl .
the person discarded the debris from the beans .
the person washed the plastic container , knives and cutting board .
the person got some pea pods from a refrigerator .
the person got two knives , a plastic container , and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed some pea pods on the counter .
the person put the rest of the pea pods back in the fridge .
the person got a metal bowl from the drawer .
the person washed the pea pods in a sink .
the person cut the tops and bottoms off the pea pods .
the person sliced the pea pods on a bias .
the person put the sliced pea pods in the metal bowl .
the person put the waste in the trash can .
the person rinsed the container , knives , and cutting board in the sink .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person picked up a pack of green beans from his refrigerator .
the person picked a two type of knife -lrb- big and small -rrb- , a plastic container and a cutting board .
the person picked up a few beans from the pack .
the person placed the rest back in to refrigerator .
the person took a metal bowl .
the person washed the beans .
the person placed the beans on the cutting board .
the person peeled the ends of the beans .
the person used the small knife to do the peeling the ends of the beans .
the person repeated the peeling the ends of the beans till he finished with the last bean .
the person put the ends of the beans to plastic container .
the person placed the beans back on the cutting board .
the the person chopped the beans one by one with big knife .
the person moved the bean pieces to metal bowl .
the person threw the peels to trash .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person wiped his hands with the towel .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a box of green beans .
the person also took out a cutting board and bowl .
the person washed the green beans .
the person cut off the ends of the green beans .
the person diced the remaining green beans .
the person placed the diced green beans into the metal bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a package of beans pods from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , a plastic food container , and two knives .
the person placed a cutting board , a plastic food container , and two knives on the counter .
the person took out five of the bean pods , .
the person put the remainder of the beans back into the refrigerator .
the person took out a steel bowl .
the person placed a steel bowl on the counter .
the person rinsed the beans .
the person trimmed the beans with a knife .
the person sliced the bean pods into small cut on a bias .
the person placed the cut into the steel bowl .
the person placed the cutting board and knives near the sink .
the person discarded the trimmings into the garbage bin .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knives .
the person got an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a juicer out of a drawer .
a knife from another drawer .
the person took a glass out of the pantry .
the person rinsed the orange off .
the person rolled the orange on the cutting board to loosen the peel .
the person cut the orange in half with the knife .
the person spun an orange half on the juicer .
the other half .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person scooped some of the pulp from the juicer with a spoon .
the person put the pulp into the glass .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a manual citrus juicer .
the person also took out a chopper and a glass .
the person washed the orange thoroughly .
the person dried his hands .
the person rolled the orange gently pressing the orange , on the cutting board .
the person did this to soften the orange up .
the person cut the orange in the center .
the person took one half .
the person pressed one half , .
the person rotated one half , on the reamer of the citrus juicer .
the person kept doing this till all the juice was squeezed out .
the person repeated the procedure with the other half .
the person also squeezed the rind to extract any leftover juice .
the person poured the clear juice into the glass .
the person picked up the fiber of the orange collected at the base of the reamer with a spoon .
the person mixed this into the glass of juice .
the person stirred the fiber of the orange up .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person walked towards the fridge .
the person opened fridge .
the person took an orange form the fridge .
the person took a cutting board .
the person put a cutting board on counter .
the person took a juicer .
the person put a juicer on counter .
the person took a knife .
the person put a knife on cutting board .
the person opened the wardrobe , .
the person took a glass form the wardrobe .
the person put a glass on counter .
the person took orange in hand , .
the person put the napkin on tap aside .
the person opened the tap .
the person washed the orange .
the person closed the tap .
the person kept orange on cutting board .
the person wiped his hands .
the person rolled the orange with his hand on cutting board .
the person cut orange into two halves .
the person took juice of one slice with juicer .
the person took another slice .
the person took juice of another slice .
the person took a spoon , .
the person poured juice from juicer in to the glass .
the person collected the pulp on top of juicer .
the person put the plup in glass .
mixed the plup .
the person moved cutting board aside .
the person moved the glass away from him on the counter .
the person got a orange from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board , juicer , and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a glass from a cabinet .
the person rinsed the orange in a sink .
the person rolled the orange on the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced half the orange on the juicer .
the person juiced the other half of the orange .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an orange out of the fridge .
the person put an orange on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and a juicer out of a drawer .
the person put a cutting board and a juicer on the counter too .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person took out a glass .
the person washed the orange in the sink .
the person rolled the orange on the cutting board , using his palm .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced each half .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person used the spoon to scrape the pulp out of the juicer .
the person stirred the pulp into the glass with the juice .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed an orange out the fridge .
the person grabbed a knife , cutting board , and juicer out the drawer .
the person grabbed a drinking glass out the cabinet .
the person rinsed the orange using the sink .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person used the white juicer for the pieces of orange .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an orange out of the fridge .
the person set the orange onto the counter .
the person pulled out the drawers .
the person took out a cutting board , a juicer , and a knife .
the person set a cutting board , a juicer , and a knife on the counter .
the person took a cup out of the cabinet .
the person set a cup on the counter .
the person washed the orange using the sink .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person rolled the orange firmly against the cutting board .
the person cut the orange into two halves .
the pressed each half onto the juicer .
the person squeezed out the juice .
the person took a spoon out of the drawer .
the person set a spoon on the cutting board .
the person dumped the orange juice into the glass .
the person used the spoon to scrape the pulp from the juicer .
the person dumped the plup into the glass .
the person stirred the glass .
a439 .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person gathered a cutting board , a hand-juicer , and a knife from a drawer .
the person took a glass from a cupboard .
the person rinsed the orange .
the person washed the orange in the sink .
the person rolled the orange around on the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person squeezed one of the halves over the hand-juicer .
the person twisted the second half of the orange over the hand-juicer .
the person squeezed the second half of the orange .
the person worked the second half of the orange with vigor .
the person poured the juice from the juicer into the glass .
the person scooped out the pulp from the juicer .
the person added the pulp to the glass .
the person looked towards someone off-camera .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a knife , cutting board , and juicer .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person washed the orange .
the person rolled the orange on the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced each half on the juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person spooned the pulp into the glass with a spoon .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person took out the cutting board , the juicer and the knife .
the person also took out a glass from the cabinet .
the person went over to the sink .
thoroughly washed the orange .
the person dried his hands .
the person rolled the orange around the cutting board .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person squeezed one half .
the second half thoroughly .
the person took out a spoon .
the person placed a spoon on the cutting board .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person added some pulp to the juice .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a juicer out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a glass out of the cabinet .
the person washed the orange .
the person dried his hands .
the person rolled the orange on the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person reamed one half of the orange in the juicer .
the person reamed the second half of the orange in the juicer .
the person took a spoon out of the drawer .
the person poured the squeezed the juice into the glass .
the person gathered up the pulp with the spoon .
the person threw the pulp in the glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed an orange .
the person got a cutting board and juicer from the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person washed the orange .
the person rolled the orange on the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person put some pulp into the glass .
the person mixed some pulp .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board out of the cabinet .
the person got a juicer from the cabinet .
the person got a knife out from the drawer .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a class .
the person rinsed the orange in the sink .
the person rolled the orange on the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced both halves of the orange .
the person poured the juice from the juicer into the glass .
the person used a spoon to scoop the pulp from the juicer .
the person added the pulp to the glass .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator , .
the person placed an orange on the counter , .
the person removed a wooden cutting board from a drawer , .
the person placed a wooden cutting board on the counter beside the orange .
the person removed a juicer from a drawer , .
the person placed a juicer on the counter , .
the person removed a knife from another drawer , .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board , .
the person removed a drinking glass from a cabinet , .
the person placed a drinking glass with the other utensils .
the person rinsed the orange thoroughly under the faucet , .
the person placed the orange on the cutting board , .
the person dried his hands with a dishtowel .
the person rolled the orange between his hand and the cutting board for roughly ten seconds , .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person placed the juicer on the cutting board .
the person placed one half of the orange on the cutting board .
the person juiced the other half , rotating the other half on the juicer for roughly one minute , stopping once to squeeze between his thumb and four fingers , .
the person placed the other half on top of the other half .
the person raised the lid of the juicer a little , .
the person shook the lid of the juicer , .
the person replaced the lid of the juicer .
the person removed a spoon from a drawer , .
the person placed a spoon on the cutting board , .
the person poured the contents of the reservoir into the glass without removing the lid , .
the person placed the juicer back on the cutting board , .
the person scraped some of the pulp from the lid out with the spoon , .
the person stirred the pulp into the juice in the glass , .
the person repeated the process once more with a slightly smaller spoonful of pulp .
the person placed the spoon on the lid of the juicer , .
the person moved the cutting board with everything on it , to the side .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person placed an orange on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a citrus juicer .
the person went back into the drawer .
the person took out knife .
the person walked over to the cabinet , .
the person took out a glass , .
the person sat a glass on the counter .
the person went over to the sink .
the person rinsed off the orange .
the person sat the orange on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person rolled the orange around on the cutting board to release the juiced .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person was done , he took the other half .
the person began to juice the other half on the juicer .
all the juice was extracted , the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person scooped up some of the pulp from the juicer .
the person added the pulp to the glass .
the person got an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board , a juicer , and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person washed the orange .
the person rolled the orange on the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person added the pulp to the juice .
the person entered .
the person took an orange from the crisper .
the person grabbed a juicer and a knife from the drawers .
the person retrieved a glass from the cupboard .
the person washed the orange in the sink .
the person swirled the orange around on the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half with the knife .
the person pressed one orange half .
the person twisted one orange half on the juicer .
the person placed the empty peel onto the cutting board .
the person juiced the second half of the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person scooped out some pulp .
the person stirred some pulp into the orange juice .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out an orange , cutting board , juicer and knife .
the person found a glass in the cupboard .
the person washed the orange , .
the person rolled the orange around on the cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
juiced each side .
the person poured the juice into the glass , .
the person pressed the pulp down with a fork .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , juicer , and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a glass from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the orange in the sink .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person manually pressed one orange half on the juicer .
the person pressed the other half on the juicer .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person scooped the excess orange .
the person put the excess orange in the glass .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and juicer out of a drawer .
the got a knife from a drawer and a glass from the cupboard .
the person washed the orange .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person rolled the orange on the cutting board .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person squeezed the orange using the juicer .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person used the spoon to get the pulp .
the person put the pulp into his glass .
the person moved the glass away from him on the counter .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person opened a cupboard .
the person took out head of cauliflower , .
the person went over to the counter .
there the person took out a knife , a metal bowl and a blue plastic bowl .
the person began cutting pieces off the cauliflower .
the person placed the pieces of the cauliflower into the blue bowl .
the person cut the pieces of the cauliflower off in a circular motion around the stem .
the person placed the edible part of the cauliflower into the metal bowl .
the person carefully trimmed each individual head of cauliflower .
the person broke each individual head of cauliflower off from the main stalk .
once done , the person cleaned the garbage from the counter into the blue bowl .
the person dumped the blue bowl into a garbage can hidden under a counter .
the person entered into a kitchen .
the person walked towards the cupboard beside oven .
the person opened the cupboard to take a cauliflower .
the person cut all leaves of cauliflower .
the person put the leaves of cauliflower in a blue bowl .
the person discarded some unwanted parts of cauliflower florets .
the person cut big pieces of cauliflower florets .
the person kept all the cauliflower florets in to a steel vessel .
the person took that cauliflower floret , .
the person checked the cauliflower floret .
the person put the cauliflower floret in the vessel .
the person completed cutting entire cauliflower into several florets .
the person kept the knife a side .
the person gathered all unwanted small particles into bowl .
the person opened a side rack in which there was a dustbin .
the person opened dustbin lid .
the person disposed all trash into the dustbin .
the person closed the rack .
the person kept the bowl beside sink .
the person entered .
the person removed a head of cauliflower from the cupboard .
the person grabbed a knife , a colander , and a blue bowl from the drawers .
the person cut off the outer leaves .
the person placed the outter leaved into the blue bowl .
the person cut off the stalk .
the person placed the stalk into the bowl .
the person broke off cauliflower pieces from the head .
the person used the knife to remove pieces from the florets .
the person placed the cleaned florets into the colander .
the person threw the scraps from the blue bowl into the trash .
the person placed the blue bowl to the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed cauliflower out the cabinet .
the person grabbed out a silver and blue bowl .
the person peeled the cauliflower using a peeler .
the person peeled little pieces of cauliflower into the blue bowl .
the person placed big chunks of cauliflower into the silver bowl .
the person placed the cauliflower from the blue bowl into the garbage .
the person entered his kitchen .
the person took a head of cauliflower from the cabinet .
the person placed the head of the cauliflower on the counter top .
the person removed the leaves from the cauliflower .
the person put the leaves from cauliflower in a bowl .
the person removed pieces of cauliflower from the head .
the person trimmed the pieces of cauliflower .
the person had trimmed all of the pieces .
the person put the trimmed pieces into a second bowl .
the person swept the crumbs into the first bowl .
the person threw the bowl 's contents into the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a cauliflower from the pantry .
from under the counter the person got a knife , bowl and colander .
the person cut the leaves and stem off the cauliflower head .
the person put the leaves and stem of the cauliflower head in the bowl .
the person cut off small pieces of the cauliflower head .
the person placed the pieces of the cauliflower head in the colander he cut bad pieces off into the bowl .
the person cut up the whole cauliflower head .
the person slid any scraps off the counter into the bowl .
the person threw the contents of the bowl away .
the person put the bowl in the sink .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a head of cauliflower , knife and two bowled .
the person cut the leaves off of the cauliflower .
the person put the leaves in one bowl .
the person cut chunks of cauliflower .
the person placed the chunks in the other bowl .
the person threw out the leaves in the trash .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person selected a head of cabbage from the refrigerator .
the person removed a small knife from a drawer .
the person selected a large metal bowl and large plastic bowl from the cabinet , below the counter .
the person trimmed the cabbage with the knife .
the person placed the trimmed cabbage in the metal bowl .
the person repeated the trimming process until there was no more cabbage to cut .
the person threw away the waste from the blue bowl .
the person placed the blue bowl on the sink .
the person opened the fridge .
the person got a head of cauliflower from the fridge .
the person began cutting the leaves from the cauliflower .
the person placed the leaves from cauliflower in a bowl .
the person continued to cut off undesirable parts into the bowl where the leaves were at .
the person cut the rest of the cauliflower apart he placed this in the same strainer one piece at a time .
the person emptied the bowl into a receptacle .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person went over to open a cupboard .
the person took out a cauliflower .
the person placed a cauliflower on a counter .
the person took out a paring knife , a colander , and a bowl .
the person trimmed the cauliflower with the knife , .
the person placed removed pieces in the bowl .
once the green leaves were removed from the outside of the cauliflower , the person cut the large stem off .
the person cut small portions of the cauliflower off .
the person also seemed to remove undesirable pieces from each of the sections .
the person placed the small portions of cauliflower into the colander .
the person threw away the unwanted bits that were in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a head of cauliflower .
the person took out a knife and metal bowl .
the person took out a plastic bowl .
the person cut off the leaves .
the person put the leaves and stemmed into the plastic bowl .
the person cut the cauliflower into chunks .
the person cut the chunks into smaller pieces .
the person placed the chunks of cauliflower into the metal bowl .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person disposed of the cauliflower leaved and stemmed .
the person came .
the person opened refrigerator door .
the person brought out a cauliflower from refrigerator .
the person did put the cauliflower on kitchen platform .
the person brought out a knife from drawer of kitchen platform .
also drawn a steel vessel and plastic bowl from below of the platform .
the person removed waste from cauliflower -lrb- like curry leafs from vegetable -rrb- .
the person did put the waste from cauliflower on plastic bowl .
the person cut good pieces did put in vessel .
the person went to through all wastage in plastic bowl , in one of the drawer of the kitchen platform .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cauliflower from the pantry .
the person got a colander , knife and bowl from under the counter .
the person used the knife to cut the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person placed the leaves in the bowl .
the person cut the stem off the cauliflower .
the person cut pieces of cauliflower off .
the person put the pieces of cauliflower in the colander .
the person threw away the trash in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a head of cauliflower .
the person took out a knife and two bowled .
the person took the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person placed the pieces into a metal bowl .
the person disposed of the cauliflower leaved .
the person placed a large head of cauliflower , a knife , a large colander and a blue bowl onto the kitchen counter .
the person peeled all the leaves off of the cauliflower .
the person placed the leaves in the blue bowl .
the person choped the florets off of the cauliflower with a knife .
the person put the excess cauliflower into the blue bowl .
the florets into a large colander .
the person dumped the contents of the blue bowl into a trash can .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got cauliflower from the pantry .
the person got two bowled and a knife from under the counter .
the person cut all the outer leaves from the cauliflower .
the person placed the outter leaved in the blue bowl .
the person cut sections of the cauliflower .
the person cleaned each section .
the person placed each section in the silver bowl .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person threw away the leaves .
the person retrieved a cauliflower from the cabinet .
the person placed the cauliflower on the counter .
the person picked a knife , colander , and large bowl from under the counter .
with the knife in hand , the person cut away the leaves from the stem and the stem itself .
the person gathered all these unwanted leftovers into the large bowl for disposal .
the person proceeded to separate large chunks from the cauliflower , .
the person cut excess stem and unsightly spots as he went .
the person collected these pieces into the colander .
sweeping cauliflower bits from the counter into the large bowl , .
the person emptied the large bowl 's content into the trash .
the person got a head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person also gathered a metal and plastic bowl .
the person cut the stemmed off the bottom .
the person divided the cauliflower into small sections .
the person dumped the stemmed in the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a whole cauliflower out of the pantry .
the person placed the cauliflower on a kitchen counter .
the person pulled a knife , a strainer and a bowl from their drawers .
also put a knife , a strainer and a bowl on the counter .
the person used the knife to cut the outer leaves from the cauliflower .
the person put the leaves into the bowl .
the person cut the stem from the bottom of the cauliflower .
the person put the bottom of the cauliflower in the bowl .
the person carefully cut a chunk from the cauliflower that fit in the palm of his hand .
the person cut off any leaves and bad spots from the chunk .
the person cut the scraps into the bowl .
the person put the good chunk into the strainer .
the person continued to cut more chunks from the cauliflower until it was completely cut .
the person had a strainer full of good cauliflower chunks and a bowl filled with scraps .
the person finished , he wiped the remaining scraps from the counter into his scrap bowl .
the person dumped the bowl of scraps into a garbage can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an electric kettle from under the counter .
the person plugged the kettle warmer in .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person placed the kettle on the warmer .
the person set a glass pot on the counter with a tea infuser .
the person put some tea in the infuser .
the person placed the infuser in the pot .
the person put the tea away .
the person brought a cup to the counter .
the person took the tea back out .
the person returned the tea .
the person selected a bag of sugar .
the person put some sugar in the cup .
the person waited for the water to heat .
the person poured hot water from the kettle to the pot .
the person discarded the rest of the water .
the person put the kettle away .
the person poured some tea into the cup .
the person stirred .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a pitcher for heating water .
the person filled the pitcher with water .
the person plugged the pitcher into the socket in the middle of the counter .
the person retrieved a tea pot and tea ball .
the person pulled a bag of tea out of the cabinet .
the person took a mug out of the cabinet .
the person filled the tea ball with tea , .
the person put the tea ball away .
the person spooned in some sugar into the tea cup .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person poured the hot water into the tea pot .
the person let the hot water steep .
the hot water steeped , the person poured the hot water into the tea cup .
the person stirred .
the person removed a water kettle from the drawer .
the person plugged the water heater into the outlet .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person removed a tea pot from the drawer .
the person took out a tea infuser .
the person removed a package of tea leaved from the cabinet .
the person placed tea leaved into the tea infuser .
the person placed the tea infuser into the pot .
the person put the package of tea leaved back in the cabinet .
the person removed a cup from the cabinet .
the person removed sugar from the cabinet .
the person put a spoonful or sugar into the cup .
the person poured the water into the pot .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person took out a tea maker .
the person plugged in the tea maker .
the person put water in the tea maker .
the person took out a cup .
the person took out tea from the cabinet .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
the person put some tea into the cup .
the person took out a cup from the cabinet .
the person took out sugar from the cabinet .
the person added sugar to the cup .
the person put the sugar away .
the person waited for water to warm .
the person poured water into cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an electronic boiler out of the bottom drawer .
the person lifted the outlet out of the counter .
the person plugged an electronic boiler in .
the person filled the boiler up with water .
the person dried the boiler off with a towel .
the person picked up a small pot from the floor .
the person placed a small pot in on the counter .
the person took a measuring cup out of the drawer .
the person took tea out of the cabinet .
the person took a small filter out of the drawer .
the person filled the tea filter with tea .
the person placed the tea filter in the small pot .
the person put the tea back in the cabinet .
the person took a cup out of the cabinet .
the person placed a cup on the counter .
the person took the tea out of the cabinet .
the person put the tea back .
the person took a bag of sugar out of the cabinet .
the person put a spoonful into the cup .
the person put the sugar back in the cabinet .
the person poured the hot water into the small pot .
the person put the water boiler back on the plate .
the person put the top on the pot .
the person poured the water out of the water boiler , .
unplugged the water boiler .
the person put the water boiler back in the bottom cabinet .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person put the spoon into the sink .
the person pulled out an tea machine .
the person filled the dispenser with water .
the person turned the dispenser on .
the person walked to a cupboard .
the person removed a tea bag .
the person put the tea bag into the pitcher .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person pulled out a white mug .
the person added some sugar to the cup .
the person poured the hot water into a pitcher .
the person mixed the pitcher , .
the person put the dispenser away .
the person poured the tea into the white mug .
the person used a spoon to mix the tea .
the person took out a tea maker .
the person hooked the tea maker up to a device on the counter .
the person put some water in the tea maker .
the person took out a tea pot .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got out a tea bag device .
the person got a spoon and a tiny container .
the person opened the pantry .
the person got out a bag of tea .
the person opened the drawer .
the person opened the tea .
the person got a two spoonfuls .
the person put the two spoonfuls in the small container .
the person closed the small container .
the person put the small container in the tea pot .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a tea cup .
the person opened the pantry .
the person got some sugar .
the person put a spoonful of the sugar in the tea cup .
the person poured the hot water in the tea pot with the tea bag device .
the person let the tea bag device cook .
the person poured the tea in the tea cup with sugar .
the person stirred the tea .
the person entered .
the person removed an electric kettle from beneath the counter .
the person plugged in the kettle base with difficulty .
the person filled the kettle with water at the sink , .
the person dried the kettle .
the person placed the kettle on top of its base .
the person got a tea pot and tea ball from beneath the counter .
the person retrieved a bag of tea from the cupboard .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
the person put two spoons of tea into the tea ball .
the person retuned the bag to the cupboard .
the person got a tea cup .
the person traded a bag of tea for sugar to the cupboard .
the person put two spoons of sugar into the teacup .
the person retuned the bag to the cupboard .
the person waited .
the person poured boiled water into the tea pot with the tea ball .
the person emptied the kettle into the sink .
the person unplugged the base .
the person returned the tea kettle to its place .
the person poured tea into his cup .
the person stirred the tea with the spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a water boiler .
the person plugged the water boiler into the counter .
the person filled the water boiler with water .
the person took out metal tea balls .
the person took out tea .
the person filled the balls .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a cup .
the person poured the boiling water into the teapot .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea with a spoon .
the person took electric tea kettle out of a drawer .
the person plugged the electric tea kettle into a counter-top outlet .
the person poured water into the kettle in the sink .
the person took out a small teapot and a metal tea dispenser .
the person took tea out of the cupboard .
the person used a spoon to scoop the tea into the tea dispenser .
the person put the dispenser into the teapot .
the person put the tea back in the cupboard .
the person took a teacup and sugar out of the cupboards .
the person poured some sugar into the teacup .
the person waited for the water to finish heating in the kettle .
the person poured the water into the teapot .
the person poured the leftover water down the sink .
the person put the kettle away .
the person poured some tea into the teacup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person walked in with a water heater in his hand .
the person pulled out the electrical socket extender in the counter .
the person plugged in the water heater 's base .
the person filled the water heater with water from the faucet , .
the person wiped off excess water with a kitchen towel .
the person set the water heater on the base .
the person smiled , he he took out a tea pot and tea ball from the drawer .
the person searched for a bag of tea in the cabinet behind her .
the person pulled out a spoon from the drawer .
the person unscrewed the tea ball , .
the person spooned loose tea leaved into the tea ball , .
the person screwed the top back on .
the person put the tea bag back in the cabinet .
the person pulled a mug from another cabinet , .
the person placed a mug on the counter .
the person reached for the bag of tea once more , .
the person replaced the bag of tea .
the person took out a bag of sugar instead .
the person scooped one spoonful into the mug , .
the person waited for the water to finish heating .
once the water was hot , the person poured the water into the tea pot .
the person placed the lid on the tea pot .
the person waited for the tea to infuse .
the person emptied the rest of the water in the water heater into the sink .
the person also unplugged the water heater , .
the person pushed the electrical outlet back into the counter .
the person put the water heater away .
the person poured herself a cup of tea .
the person stirred the tea with the sugar .
the person gathered a water heating machine from a cupboard .
the person plugged a water heating machine into an electrical outlet .
the person filled the water heating machine with water .
the person turned the water heating machine on .
the person gathered a glass tea pot and a metal tea bag .
the person placed tea into the metal tea bag .
the person placed the metal tea bag into the glass teapot .
the person retrieved a teacup and sugar from the cupboard .
the person placed sugar into the teacup .
the person waited for the water to get warm .
the person poured the hot water into the teapot .
the person returned the water heating machine .
the person poured tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person took out an electric kettle .
the person pulled up the cylinder that held the electrical outlet .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person wiped the excess water from the kettle .
the person set the kettle on its base .
the person filled a tea infuser with loose tea leaved .
the person dropped the tea infuser into a coffee pot .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a tea cup .
the person placed sugar in the tea cup .
the person wiped a crumb off of the counter .
the person poured the heated water into the coffee pot .
the person emptied the excess kettle into the sink .
the person unplugged the electric kettle .
the person poured tea from the coffee pot into the mug .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kettle from under the counter .
the person plugged a kettle in .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person got a tea pot and a tea strainer from under the counter and some tea from the pantry .
the person used a spoon to fill the tea strainer with tea .
the person put the strainer into the pot .
and got a tea cup and sugar from the pantry .
the person added some sugar to the cup .
the person waited for the water to heat .
once the water was heated the person poured the water into the tea pot .
the person poured out the excess water .
the person put away the kettle .
the person poured some tea into the tea cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a tea kettle and electric hot plate from the cabinet .
the person plugged in the hot plate .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person placed the kettle on the hot plate .
the person got a teapot from the cabinet .
the person took a tea strainer from the drawer .
the person got the loose tea from the pantry .
the person scooped the tea into the tea strainer .
the person put the tea strainer into the teapot .
the person got a mug and a bag of sugar from the cabinets .
the person spooned sugar into the cup .
the person waited for the water to heat .
the person poured the hot water over the tea strainer into the teapot .
the person waited the tea steeped .
the person poured the tea into the mug .
the person stirred the mug .
the person struggled to plug something in .
the person filled something with water .
the person filled a bag with tea .
the person placed the bag in a pot .
the person grabbed a cup .
the person placed a cup on the counter .
the person placed a scoop of sugar into a cup .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person poured that hot water in with the tea bag .
the person unplugged what was plugged in .
the person put the what was plugged in away .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person tossed the spoon into the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a tea kettle out of the cabinet .
the person plugged a tea kettle in .
the person filled the tea kettle with water .
the person turned the tea kettle on .
the person took a tea pot out of the cabinet .
the person took a spoon and tea ball out of the drawer .
the person took a bag of loose tea out of the cabinet .
the person spooned some loose tea into the tea ball .
the person put the tea ball into the tea pot .
the person put the bag of tea back in the cabinet .
the person took a mug out of the cabinet .
the person took a bag of sugar out of the cabinet .
the person spooned sugar into the mug .
the person poured the boiling water into the tea pot .
the person emptied the rest of the water into the sink .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person put the tea kettle back in the cabinet .
the person poured a cup of tea into the mug .
the person stirred the mug .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a electric teapot out of the drawer .
the person connected the teapot into a electric outlet .
the person poured water into the teapot .
the person grabbed tea out of the cabinet .
the person placed the tea inside the teapot .
the person grabbed a cup and sugar out of the cabinet .
the person placed sugar inside the cup using a spoon .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea using a spoon .
the person plugged in a tea kettle .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person got out a pot and a tea infuser .
the person got some tea from a cabinet .
the person filled the infuser with tea .
the person placed the infuser in the pot .
the person retrieved a cup from the cabinet .
the person got some sugar .
the person put some in the cup .
the person poured the water into the pot .
the person waited for the tea to brew .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred .
the person entered the kitchen .
and opened the drawer .
the person pulled a knife and a peeler out of the drawer .
the person set a knife and a peeler on the counter .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person got a cucumber .
the person walked back to the drawer .
the person got out a cutting board , .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person removed the peel using the peeler .
the person laid the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person replaced the knife that he had previously selected .
the person pulled out a larger knife .
the person used the larger knife to slice the cucumber in half , lengthwise .
the person cut each half perpendicularly into thin slices .
the person walked over to the pantry .
the person selected a serving dish .
the person took the serving dish back over to the counter .
the person carefully scraped the cucumber slices from the cutting board onto the serving dish .
the person laid the cutting board and knife down on the counter .
the person began to clean up .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a peeler and knife out the drawer .
the person pulled out a cucumber out the fridge .
the person peeled the cucumber using the peeler .
the person sliced the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person pulled out a white out of the cabinet .
the person placed the sliced cucumber onto the white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge and a cutting board from under the counter .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person used the peeler to peel the cucumber .
the person used a knife to slice the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person sliced one of the halves into small pieces .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person put the sliced cucumber on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a cucumber from the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut up the cucumber .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the cucumber on the plate .
the person threw the peelings into the garbage .
the person removed knife and a peeler from a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person cut each half into slices .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the cucumber slices on the plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cucumber from the freezer .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person peeled the skin with a scrapper .
the person sliced the cucumber with a knife into pieces .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a bowl .
the person placed a bowl on the prep area .
the person transferred the chopped pieces to the bowl .
the person removed the wastes .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber , peeler , knife and cutting board .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person peeled the cucumber with the peeler .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise , .
the person sliced each half into chunks .
the person took out a plate , .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person took out a paring knife , peeler , and cutting board from the drawer .
the person brought a cucumber from the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person peeled the cucumber using the peeler .
the person placed the peeled cucumber on the cutting board .
the person took another small knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the cucumber lengths-wise .
the person sliced the cucumber lengths into small pieces .
the person brought a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the cucumber pieces on a plate .
the person began to gather the cucumber peeled off the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a knife and a peeler from the drawer .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person scraped the skin off of the cucumber with the peeler .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person cut each half into slices .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the sliced cucumber onto the plate .
the person got a vegetable peeler , a knife , and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a cucumber from a refrigerator .
the person peeled the cucumber with the peeler .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person chopped the cucumber .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the chopped cucumber on the plate .
the person removed a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person took out a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person took out a bigger knife from the drawer .
the person split the cucumber in two halves .
the person cut each half into many slices .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cucumber from the freezer .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person peeled the skin with a scrapper .
the person sliced the cucumber with a knife into pieces .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a bowl .
the person placed a bowl on the prep area .
the person transferred the chopped pieces to the bowl .
the person removed the wastes .
the person took a knife , a peeler , and a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the skin off of the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half down the length .
the person cut the halves into small pieces .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person placed the pieces of cucumber on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer of cooking utensils .
the person looked around in the drawer for a few seconds , .
the person picked up a small knife and a vegetable peeler .
the person set a small knife and a vegetable peeler on the counter .
the person closed the drawer .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a cucumber .
the person walked back to the counter , .
the person opened another drawer in the counter .
the person pulled out a small cutting board .
the person rinsed the cucumber in the sink .
the person started peeling the cucumber .
the person finished peeling the cucumber , .
the person started to slice the cucumber with the knife .
the person stopped to slice , .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person selected a slightly larger knife .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise into two halves , .
the person sliced each half of the cucumber across into small pieces .
the person went to a cabinet , .
the person pulled out a small plate , .
the person scraped the cucumber pieces onto the plate .
the person obtained a knife and a peeler .
the person placed a knife and a peeler in a work area .
the person obtained a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board in his work area .
the person used the peeler to peel the cucumber by holding the cucumber in one hand and the peeler in the other .
the person pulled the peeler towards his over the full length of the cucumber as he peeled the cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber he placed the peeler to the side .
the person cut the cucumber lengthwise .
the person cut the cucumber lengthwise he cut each half crosswise until the cucumber was fully cut in pieces .
the person obtained a bowl .
the person held the cutting board in one hand scraping the the cucumber sliced into the bowl .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person peeled the skin from the outside .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person sliced the cucumber into small pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person grabbed a cucumber from the fridge .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber with a knife .
the person sliced the cucumber into two halves .
the person diced those halves .
the person grabbed a plate from the pantry .
the person scraped the cucumber slices onto a plate with a knife .
the person opened a drawer .
the person found a knife and peeler .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person withdrew a cucumber .
the person came back over to the counter .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person peeled the skin off of the cucumber .
the person set the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person cut the cucumber in half horizontally .
the person cut the two halves into smaller pieces .
the person went to the cabinet to get a plate .
the person put the cucumber pieces onto a plate .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took a knife , peeler and cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed a cucumber under the faucet .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person chopped the cucumber into small pieces .
the person got a dish from the cabinet .
the person put the cucumber in a dish .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person selected two utensils .
the person put two utensils on the counter .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person got out a cucumber .
the person took the cucumber to the counter .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person began peeling the cucumber .
the person cut up the cucumber on the cutting board by slicing the cucumber lengthwise .
the person cut the cucumber in slices .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got out a plate .
the person carried the plate to the counter .
the person picked up the cutting board .
with the knife , the person scraped the cucumber onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two pots from under the stove .
the person put water into one pot .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got a cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got some cauliflower .
the person cut some of the cauliflower .
the person put part of the cauliflower in the refrigerator .
the person got butter .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person got more ingredients from the pantry .
the person put butter in the second pot .
the person added the cauliflower to the water .
the person made a sauce for the cauliflower the cauliflower cooked .
the person put the cauliflower and sauce on a plate .
the person walked into the room .
the person took out two pots .
the person placed one pot filled with water on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took out a cutting board and some cauliflower .
the person discarded the trimmings .
the person washed the remaining cauliflower in the sink .
the person added some salt to the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person cleaned the other pot .
the person placed the other pot on the stove .
the person added some butter to the empty pot .
the person added the cauliflower to the boiling water in the first pot .
the person covered the first pot .
the person added some seasoning to the boiling cauliflower .
the person added starch , milk , water , and seasoning to the melted butter in the second pot .
the person mixed the starch , milk , water and seasoning .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person added the sauce .
the person bent down , .
the person took two pots from underneath the cooking range , .
the person placed both pots on the range .
the person took one pot to the sink , .
the person looked straight ahead , .
the person looked straight ahead , .
spoke to someone or something , .
spoke to someone or something , .
the person ran some water into the pot .
the person returned the pot with water to the range on the stove , .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person removed a cutting board .
before the person went to the refrigerator .
the person found a cauliflower .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person pulled out a large knife .
the person dug out a chunk of the cauliflower .
the person cut some individual pieces off , .
the person returned a portion to the refrigerator .
the person took out some butter , .
the person placed the butter near the cooking range , .
the person picked up the cut-off leaves , .
the person threw the cut-off leaves in the trash .
the person washed the remaining portion of cauliflower in the sink , .
the person dried his hands on a kitchen towel , .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a box of salt .
the person sprinkled salt in the pot .
the person went back to the cabinet .
where the person spent time shifting ingredients around , .
the person shifted himself around to look straight ahead .
the person took an ingredient .
the person looked straight ahead .
the person opened the drawer .
from which the person took out a whisk and a big spoon .
the person returned to the fridge , .
the person pulled out a container .
before the person went to a cabinet , .
the person looked for something that he did not find .
the person opened the boiling pot on the front left range , .
the person added the cauliflower , .
the person placed the top back on .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person returned the cutting board to the counter .
before the person returned to the cabinet .
the person emerged with a jar .
the person whisked the pot , .
the person added several ingredients , .
the person stirred the pot , .
the person stirred the pot .
the person stirred both pots at the same time .
before the person turned the stove off .
the person added some seasonings from the bottles on the rack .
the person whisked the pot , .
the person stirred the pot .
the person returned tops to the pots .
the person removed two pots from a drawer .
the person filled one pot with water .
the person remove cauliflower from the fridge .
the person picked apart what he need .
the person put away the rest .
the person threw away his trash .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person took out several other ingredients .
the person boiled the cauliflower .
the main boiled a sauce in another pot .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the sauce finished boiling .
the person whisked the other pot of sauce .
the person poured sauce on the cauliflower .
the person put to pots on the stove .
the person put one on to boil .
the person cut the outer leaves off the cauliflower , .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person got out some butter .
the person got salt out the cupboard .
the person got flour , salt and milk .
the person put the salt in the water .
the person placed the flour , salt and milk on the counter .
the person got out a big spoon and a whisk from the drawer .
the person cut off a piece of butter .
the person put a piece of butter in the pot .
the person rinsed off the big spoon .
the person dried the big spoon on the towel .
the person put the cauliflower in the water .
the person covered the pot .
the person checked the second pot .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person added milk to the flour butter mixture .
the person whisked the milk and the flour butter mixture together .
the person added stock to the milk and butter mixture .
the person put the cauliflower in the milk mixture .
the person massed the cauliflower up .
the person placed two pots on the stove top .
the person filled one of the pots with water .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a head of cauliflower out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut off the leaves from the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person cut off the stem .
the person rinsed the cauliflower under running water .
the person used butter , flour and cream to make a white sauce .
the person placed the cauliflower into the pot of boiling water .
the person placed the boiled cauliflower onto a plate .
the person spooned some of the white sauce over the cauliflower .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person pulled a large pot out , .
the person filled the large pot with water .
the person set the large pot on the cook top , .
the person turned the cook top on .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife .
the person grabbed cauliflower out of the fridge , .
the person chopped off the scraps .
the person threw the scraps in the trash .
the person grabbed a few spices , and some utensils .
the person put the butter back in the fridge .
the person took the bulb of cauliflower .
the person added the whole thing to the pot of boiling water .
the person grabbed out of a cabinet some seasoning , a spoon , an a bowl .
the person added flower , and milk to a second pot .
the person stirred the ingredients together with the whisk .
the person tasted the milk concoction , .
the person added more salt .
the person began cleaning up his work space , .
first the person put away the flower .
the person put away the milk , .
the salt .
the person finished by removing the cauliflower from the water , .
a455 .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person retreaveeed two pots from the cubboard .
the person brought the water to a boil .
the person grabbed cauliflower out the frigerator .
the person cut the stock and leaved off .
the person placed the excess back in the fridge , .
the person retreaved the butter .
the person grabbed a small bag of flour or grain from the cubboard .
the person added ingreadiants to the secound pot .
the person prepared a rice or broth in the secound pot .
the person dropped the cauliflower into the boiling water .
the person placed the cooked ingreadiants on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out two pots .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person took out cauliflower .
the person removed the leaves .
the person took out butter .
the person disposed of the cauliflower leaved .
the person washed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person took out milk , flower and salt .
the person put the butter into the pot .
the person put the cauliflower into the other pot .
the person added seasoning to the cauliflower .
the person added seasonings , flour and milk to the butter .
the person put the cooked cauliflower into a bowl .
the person poured the cream from the pot onto the cauliflower .
the person came the into the kitchen .
the person took two vessels .
the person filled one vessel with water .
the person started boiling water .
the person took a pad , knife and half cauliflower .
the the person took one packet from shelf .
the person purred that in boiling water .
the person took a packet from shelf , .
the person did put cauliflower into boiling water .
the person cleaned pad .
the person took a bottle from shelf .
the person purred some powder into vessel from that bottle .
the person took one plate from shelf .
the the person added some powder from packet .
the person added milk and powder into another vessel .
mixed the powder with mixer in another bowl .
mixed the milk and powder .
the person removed cauliflower from water vessel into one plate .
the person added mixer to the cauliflower from another vessel .
the person got two pots from a drawer .
the person put the pots both on the stove .
the person put water in one pot .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got cauliflower from a refrigerator .
the person cut the cauliflower into chunks .
the person added chicken stock to the water .
the person added butter to the other pot on the stove .
the person put the cauliflower in the pot with the water .
the person rinsed the cutting board in a sink .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person added flour to the pot with butter to make a roux .
the person added milk to the roux to make a bechamel sauce .
the person put the cooked cauliflower on the plate .
the person poured the bechamel sauce over the cooked cauliflower .
the person took out two pots .
the person put two pots on the counter .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person removed the greens from the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person person trimmed the cauliflower .
the person put the other half away .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person prepared a sauce in a another pot .
the person covered the cauliflower .
the person checked the cauliflower .
the person plated the cauliflower .
the person poured the white sauce on top .
the person took out two pots , .
the person filled the larger one with water .
the person set the larger one with water on the stove .
the person put the water on to boil .
the person took a head of cauliflower , .
the person took off the leaves .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person put one half back in the refrigerator .
the person washed the other half .
first the person melted the butter , .
the person started to prepare the sauce .
the person put the cauliflower into the boiling water .
the person covered the pot .
the person was waiting for the cauliflower to cook , .
the person whisked the butter as he did .
the person added flour , some spices and cream .
the person also added some of the broth from the cauliflower to the sauce .
the cauliflower was done , the person set the cauliflower on a plate .
the person poured just enough sauce over the cauliflower .
person entered the room .
the person took two vessels .
the person filled one with water .
the person placed one vessel on stove .
the person switched the stove on .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took a wooden cutting board and a knife .
the person took a cauliflower from refrigerator .
the person removed the leaves from a cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person kept half of the cauliflower back in refrigerator .
the person took cheese from refrigerator .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person took a white powder from closet .
the person added a table spoon of a white powder in water .
the person kept another empty vessel on the stove .
the person added a small piece of butter .
the water started boiling in the first vessel , .
the person kept the clean cauliflower in the first vessel .
the person closed the lid .
the person closed lid on both vessels .
the person added a seasoning to the boiling water with cauliflower .
the person stirred the molten butter in second vessel .
the person added two spoons of flour to the second vessel .
the person stirred to mix and butter with flour .
the person added milk to the vessel .
mixed the vessel well .
the person took a small amount of water from boiling vessel .
the person added to the vessel with milk and flour .
mixed the vessel well .
the person added more milk .
the person kept stirring .
the person added seasoning and a white powder to the vessel .
the person stirred the vessel again .
the person tasted the liquid .
the person added some more white powder .
the person let both vessels cook .
the person kept all the bottles and packets back in refrigerator and closet .
the person waited for 5-6 minutes .
the person transferred the cooked cauliflower into a plate .
the person poured the mix from second vessel on top of cauliflower .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person set two pots with lids on the stove .
the person put water in one at the sink , .
the person placed one pot on the stove top .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person brought a head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person trimmed the leaves from the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person put one half back into the refrigerator .
nd rinsed the other half in the sink .
the person took a something from the cabinet .
the person added a something to the water .
the person added butter to the other pan .
the person put the cauliflower in the pan with the water .
the person added something to the water .
the person added flour to the pan with butter .
the person added cream .
the person whisked with the flour and butter .
the person season the sauce .
the person tested the cauliflower for doneness .
the person removed the cauliflower from the pot .
the person placed the cauliflower on a plate .
the person stirred the sauce .
the person poured some sauce .
the person spooned some over the cauliflower .
the person took a bow .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two pots from under the stove .
the person filled one with water .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person got a cauliflower from the fridge .
the person used a knife to cut the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person put one half back in the fridge .
the person got some butter from the fridge .
the person set the butter on the counter .
the person rinsed the cauliflower .
the person poured some broth into the pot water .
the person got a bag of flour , a spoon and a whisk .
the person set a bag of flour , a spoon and a whisk on the counter .
the person added some butter to the second pot .
the person put the butter away .
the person added the cauliflower to the pot of water .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board back on the counter .
the person added some spice to the cauliflower .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person whisked the butter .
the person added some flour , milk and broth from the second pot .
the person put everything away .
the person served the cauliflower and sauce on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
two pans with lids from a drawer .
the person filled one with water .
the person turned on the fire .
the person put the lid on the pan .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut bits of the cauliflower .
the person trimmed waste off the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person put the rest back in the refrigerator .
the person got butter from the refrigerator , .
the person threw the waste in the trash .
the person rinsed the cauliflower .
the person checked the water .
the person put salt in the water .
the person got flour from the cupboard .
the person got a whisk and spoon from the drawer and milk from the refrigerator .
the person wiped the remaining pan with a towel .
the person put some butter in the pan .
the person put the rest of the butter back in the refrigerator .
the person got a spoon , .
the person rinsed .
the person dried a spoon with a towel .
the person adjusted the temperature on the stove .
the person seasoned the cauliflower .
the person put away the seasoning .
the person stirred the butter , .
the person added flour and milk to the butter , .
the person seasoned the sauce .
the person tasted the sauce .
the person replaced the seasonings .
the person wiped down the counters with the towel , .
the person checked the air conditioner .
the person checked the pots .
the person plated the cauliflower and the sauce .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed two pots out of the drawer .
the person poured water into one pot using the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person grabbed cauliflower out of the fridge .
the person sliced the cauliflower into pieces .
the person placed the rest of the cauliflower back into the fridge .
the person removed to pots from the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed cauliflower from the fridge .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person removed a square of butter from the fridge .
the person removed a box from the cabinet .
the person poured the box into the pot .
the person removed a second bag from the cabinet .
the person removed a spoon , laddle and wisk from the drawer .
an item from the fridge .
the person made a sauce in the second pan .
the person placed half of the cauliflower in the pot of water .
the person removed seasoning from the cabinet .
the person placed the seasoning in the pan .
the person person placed the cauliflower and sauce on a plate .
the person took out two pots .
the person filled one halfway with water .
before setting one on the stove .
the person took a cauliflower from the fridge .
the person cut half of a cauliflower for use .
the person poured cream into the pot that had water .
the person added two slabs of butter into the empty pot .
the person added the cauliflower into the boiling water .
the person let the cauliflower cook .
the person added a yellow powder into the boiling water .
the person whisked the butter in the other pot .
the person added in several spoons of white powder .
the person added in a white liquid .
the person whisked some more , .
the person added in some liquid from the boiling pot .
the person sprinkled some white powder into the butter pot .
the person cleaned up his work area as the pots cooked .
the person put the cauliflower onto a plate .
the person poured white sauce from the other pot over the cauliflower .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person unwrapped the cucumber , .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person peeled the cucumber with a peeler he took from the drawer .
the person sliced the cucumber longwise .
sliced small half circle diced .
the person placed the small half circle diced on the plate .
the person selected two spices from the spice rack , .
the person selected a third spice .
the person sprinkled a third spice on the cucumber .
the person moved a few of the cucumber slices around on the plate .
the person put the spice back into the rack .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person also took out a cutting board .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person placed the cut pieces onto a plate .
the person seasoned the cucumber with salt and pepper .
the person came into a kitchen , .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person put a cucumber on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person unwrapped the cucumber .
the person threw away the plastic wrap .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person chopped the cucumber up with the knife .
the person put the cucumber on a plate from the cabinet .
the person took some spices from a rack .
the person put some spices on top of the cucumber .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a cucumber out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person grabbed a white plate out the cabinet .
the person rinsed the cucumber using the sink .
the person sliced the cucumber in half on the cutting board .
the person peeled off the cucumber skin .
the person sliced the cucumber into little pieces .
the person placed the pieces of cucumber onto the white plate .
the person sprinkled ingredients onto the cucumber pieces .
the person pulled out a cucumber .
the person set the cucumber down on the counter .
the person opened up a drawer , .
the person pulled out a knife and cutting board .
the person got a plate out of the pantry .
the person set a plate down on the counter .
the person peeled off the plastic wrap around the cucumber .
the person rinsed off the cucumber in the sink .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person cut off the ends , .
the person pulled out a peeler from the drawer .
the person used the peeler to peel the cucumber .
once peeled , the person sliced the cucumber into small pieces .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person got out a few different seasonings , .
the person began to season the cucumber .
the person got out a vegetable , a cutting board , a knife , and a plate .
the person unwrapped the vegetable .
the person threw away the wrapper .
the person rinsed the vegetable .
the person cut the vegetable in half .
the person peeled one half of the vegetable .
the person cut the vegetable in very small pieces .
the person put the very small pieces on a plate .
the person got two spices from the spice rack .
the person brought two spices over to the cutting board .
the person spread some spices over his cut vegetables .
the person arranged some spices with his hands .
the person put the spices away .
the person got a cucumber from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person pulled the plastic off of the cucumber .
the person rinsed the cucumber in a sink .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person got a vegetable peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber with the peeler .
the person cut the cucumber length wise .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person put the sliced cucumber on a plate .
the person sprinkled spices on the cucumbers .
the person entered .
the person took one cucumber from the fridge .
the person retrieved a large knife and a cutting board from the drawers .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person peeled the plastic wrap from the cucumber .
the person threw the plastic wrap away .
the person rinsed the cucumber under the faucet .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person placed one half aside .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the skin from one cucumber half .
the person cut the half into half , .
the person sliced the half thinly , .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person added spices to the cucumber slices .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person took the plastic off the cucumber .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
from the drawer the person got a peeler .
the person peeled one of the halves of cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person sliced the cucumber thinly .
the person put the slices onto the plate .
the person repeated his actions for the other half of cucumber .
the person added seasonings to the sliced cucumber .
the person put away the spices .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber , .
the person set a cucumber in on the counter .
the person opened the drawer under the counter .
the person got a knife .
the person set a knife on counter .
the person opened the second drawer under the counter .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person walked to the cabinet behind him .
the person took out a white plate , .
the person took out a white plate , .
the person put a white plate to the cutting board .
the person unwrapped the plastic wrap off the cucumber , with a little bit of difficulty .
the person throw the plastic away .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
first the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person cut the the cucumber in half .
the person placed the second half on the counter .
the person took a peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person arranged the peelings nicely to the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber lengthwise .
the person cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person cut the last half of the cucumber into the same small pieces .
the person put the same small pieces on the plate .
the person grabbed the seasoning , .
the person opened drawers , .
seasoned the cucumber pieces .
the person took out a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife and a plate .
the person peeled off the shrink wrap .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person took one half .
the person cut a small portion off the tip .
the person peeled the skin off with a peeler .
the person cut one half vertically into half .
the person took each half .
the person cut around half a centimeter thick , semi-circular discs .
the person arranged all these pieces on a plate .
the person sprinkled some spice , probably pepper , on top .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber horizontally .
the person put the cucumber on a plate .
the person added spices to the cucumber .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person opened the cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person prepared to cut the cucumber by retrieving a knife and cutting board .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person cut the cucumber in half horizontally .
the person trimmed the end off , .
the person roughly peeled the cumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half vertically .
flat side down , the person chopped the cucumber thinly .
the person only chopped half of the cucumber .
the person used the knife to transport the sliced cucumber to a plate .
the person spiced the cucumber lightly .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber , knife , cutting board and plate .
the person unwrapped the cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person took out a peeler .
the person peeled one half of the cucumber , .
the person cut one half of the cucumber in half .
very finely sliced one half of the cucumber .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person cut the other peeled portion .
the person put the rest of the pieces on the plate , .
the person sprinkled some salt and pepper on top .
the person took out a cucumber from the fridge .
the person opened the cupboard underneath the counter top .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person got a plate from the pantry , .
the person unwrapped the cucumber with a little difficulty .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half , in half lengthwise .
the person cut off the little bit of the cucumber where it attached to the plant .
the person took out a vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person made small slices along the length .
the person moved all the slices to the plate from earlier , .
the person sliced the other quarter .
the person once again , moved the slices onto the plate , .
the person got some spices and seasoning from a rack .
the person paused .
before grabbing a new spice and seasoning the cucumbers .
the person also flipped some slices over .
the person took a cucumber out of a refrigerator .
the person placed the cucumber on the counter .
the person took a knife and cutting board out from a drawer .
the person brought a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate beside the cutting board .
the person removed the plastic wrapper from the cucumber .
the person tossed the plastic wrapper in the trash .
the person rinsed the cucumber in the sink .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled one-half of the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half again , lengthwise , .
the person cut the cucumber into thin slices .
the person put the thin slices on the plate .
the person took two seasoning bottles from the spice rack .
the person placed two seasoning bottles by the cutting board .
the person started opening and closing drawers .
the person seemed to be searching unsuccessfully for something .
the person went back to the spice rack .
the person sprinkled the cucumber with the last bottle of seasoning .
the person put all three bottles back in the spice rack .
the person returned to his work area , .
the person went into the fridge .
the person got out a large cucumber .
the person got out a knife and a cutting board from the drawer .
a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the cucumber in the sink .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person set one half to the side .
the person got out a peeler .
the person began to peel the half of the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person cut the half on the cutting board into very small slices .
the person continued on cutting the other half .
the person chose spices from his spice rack .
the person brought the spices over to the plate .
the person searched for something .
the person stopped .
last the person sprinkled the spices on top of the vegetables .
the person spread the spices with his hands .
the person opened the drawers underneath the counter , .
the person removed a knife and cutting board .
the person placed both items on top of the counter .
the person opened the pantry door .
the person picked up a long red chili pepper and a plate .
the person put the plate down , .
the person gave the chili pepper a rinse under running water .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced the pepper into small rings .
the person moved all the rings of pepper onto the plate .
the person prodded the pepper rings once .
the person separated the rings apart a bit .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , hot pepper and plate .
the person washed the pepper in the sink .
the person sliced the pepper thinly , .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person went over to the storage cabinet .
the person took out a chili pepper .
the person went to the other cabinet .
the person got out a small dish .
the person washed the pepper .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced the pepper finely , keeping the shape intact .
the person lifted the pepper onto the knife .
the person positioned the pepper on the plate .
the person pushed the plate forward .
the person made one final adjustment to the pepper .
the person pulled out a cutting board and a knife .
the person set the cutting board on the table .
the person set the knife on the cutting board .
the person obtained a red pepper , and a small plate .
the person placed the plate to the cutting board .
the person rinsed the red pepper with water .
the person placed the pepper on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person got the knife .
the person cut the pepper into small pieces .
the person was done , he deposited the cut pepper pieces onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a round chopping board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a kitchen knife .
the person placed the kitchen knife on top of the chopping board .
the person walked over to the fridge , .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a chili pepper .
the person proceeded to open a cupboard .
the person took out a white saucer .
the person placed the saucer to the chopping board .
the person walked over to the kitchen sink , .
the person opened the faucet .
the person washed the chili pepper .
the person closed the faucet .
the person placed the chili pepper on the chopping board .
the person proceeded to dry his hands on the towel that hanged on the kitchen cabinet .
the person went to grab the knife .
the person cut the chili pepper into small pieces .
the person used the knife to scoop up the cut chili pepper .
the person placed the cut chili pepper on the saucer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board from a drawer .
the person set a knife and a cutting board on the counter .
the person also chose a knife from the drawer .
from the cabinets behind him , the person pulled a chili pepper and a small plate .
the person moved to the sink .
the person washed the chili pepper .
the person placed the washed chili pepper on the cutting board , .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the chili into small slices , .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person walked over to the cabinets , .
the person pulled out a carrot .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person walked over to the counter , .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person rinsed off the carrot in the sink , .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person sliced the carrot with the knife .
the person placed the sliced carrot on the plate .
the person slid the plate forward .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer below the counter .
from another drawer the person removed a knife .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person took a red pepper from the cupboard and a small plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person sliced the pepper into small diced on the cutting board .
the person placed the diced on the plate .
the person push the plate forward .
the person entered into the kitchen .
from the drawer the person removed a plate .
the person kept a plate on the kitchen platform .
the person took a knife from the first drawer .
the person kept a knife on the platform .
from the cabinet the person took a red chili and plate from the cabinet .
the person kept the plate on the platform .
the person washed the red chili .
the person kept the red chili on the plate .
the person wiped his hands with napkin .
the person cut the chili into pieces in disc form .
the person arranged the pieces in the smaller plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a pepper and a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the pepper at the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced the pepper into small pieces .
the person put the sliced pepper on the plate .
the person opened a drawer .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person searched for the perfect knife to use .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a red pepper , .
the person got a small white plate from a different cabinet .
the person set a small white plate down .
the person walked to the sink .
the person washed the pepper off .
the person set the pepper on the cutting board , .
the person wiped his hands dry on a rag .
the person started to slice the pepper into small slices .
the person was done he slid his knife under the pepper pieces .
the person transferred the pepper pieces onto the small plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person fetched a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a red pepper from the pantry and a plate from the cabinet .
the person set down the plate on the counter .
the person washed the pepper .
the person placed the pepper on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person sliced the pepper thinly using the tip of his knife .
the person was finished slicing , he used the knife to pick up the slices .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person arranged the slices into a crescent shape on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person selected a cayenne pepper from the pantry .
the person got a small dish out of the cupboard .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into slices .
the person arranged the slices on the dish .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a chili pepper .
the person took out a plate .
the person cut the chili into small pieces .
the person placed the chili pieces onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person got a chili pepper and a plate .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person washed the chili pepper .
the person put the chili pepper on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person cut the chili pepper into small pieces .
the person put the pieces onto the plate .
the person used the knife to cut the chili pepper apart a bit more on the plate .
the person put the knife down on the cutting board .
the person entered the room .
the person placed a circular wooden plate on the counter followed by a knife .
the person preceded to the back of the kitchen .
the person placed only the dish on the counter .
the person walked to the sink .
the person placed in onto the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person returned .
the person arranged the peppers onto the white plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed cutting board on the counter .
the person closed the drawer .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person removed a kitchen knife .
the person placed the kitchen knife on the counter .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked over to the cabinet , .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed a chili pepper , .
the person closed the cabinet .
the person opened another cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person walked to the counter , .
the person placed the chili pepper on the cutting board .
the person sliced the chili pepper .
the person placed the sliced chili pepper on the plate .
the person slid the plate forward .
the person got out a wooden cutting board .
the person got out a knife .
the person got a red pepper from the refrigerator .
the person got a plate .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person placed the pepper on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced the pepper into small pieceshe sliced the pepper .
the person placed the pepper on the plate .
the person arranged the pepper .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a pepper and a plate from a cabinet .
the person washed the pepper .
the person sliced up the pepper .
the person put the pepper on a plate .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person selected a big , sharp knife .
the person took out a red chilli and a saucer .
the person washed the chilli .
the person chopped three-fourths of the chilli very fine , along its length .
the person lifted the chilli with the knife .
the person placed the chilli on the saucer .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person gathered together a cutting board , knife , and box of beans on the counter .
the person removed seven bean pods , .
the person returned the box to the refrigerator .
the person removed the ended the pods .
the person cut the bundle of pods crosswise into six segments , .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person put the beans in the oiled pan , .
the person spread the beans evenly .
the person sprinkled two spoonfuls of a dry substance on the beans .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put away the knife .
the person sprinkled salt and another condiment on the beans .
the person flipped the beans .
the person stirred the beans .
the person got a dish from the cabinet .
the person smelled the beans .
the person tasted the beans .
the person sprinkled more condiment on the beans .
the person put away the bottles of condiment .
the person moved the dish onto a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawers .
the person took some beans from the refrigerator .
the person took some beans from the package .
the person put the package back in the refrigerator .
the person cut the ends from the beans .
the person cut the beans into pieces .
the person got a pan .
the person put some oil in a pan .
the person put the beans in the hot pan .
the person added spices to the beans cooking .
the person cleaned the utensils .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person tested the beans twice .
the person put the beans on the plate .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a knife and beans on the board .
the person washed the beans .
the person diced the beans .
the person placed a skillet on a stove .
the person poured some wine in the skillet .
the person placed the sliced beans in the skillet .
the person sauteed the beans .
the person sprinkled something over the beans .
the person put the chopping board away .
the person added salt to the beans .
the person tasted the beans with a fork .
the person plated the finished product .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed fresh beans from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the ends off the beans with a knife .
the person stacked the beans evenly against each other .
the person sliced the beans into 1-2 slices .
the person put a skillet on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person poured some oil into the skillet .
the person scraped the beans into the skillet .
the person sauteed the beans .
the person stirred the beans .
the person sauteed the beans for about 7minutes .
the person seasoned the beans .
the person tasted the beans to check the doneness and seasoning .
the person poured the beans onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer , .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person opened another drawer , .
the person took out a knife .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a package of beans .
the person took some beans out of the package , .
the person placed some beans on the cutting board .
the person placed the package of beans back in the fridge .
the person took the beans from the cutting board .
the person rinsed the beans over the sink .
the person chopped off the ends of the beans , .
the person cut the beans in pieces .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person opened the cupboard , .
the person took out some oil .
the person poured some oil in the pan .
the person walked over to a spice rack , .
the person took some seasonings from the rack .
the person placed some seasonings on the counter .
the person walked over to the cupboard , .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took out a bag of seasoning .
the person took a spatula from the drawer .
the person scrapped the beans into the pan with the spatula .
the person stirred the beans , .
the person opened a bag of seasoning .
the person sprinkled the seasoning on the beans with a spoon .
the person cleared the counter , .
the person sprinkled some salt and pepper on the beans .
the person took a fork out of the drawer , and a plate from the cupboard .
the person stirred the beans , .
the person sprinkled the beans with more salt .
the person placed the beans in a plate .
the person took out a cutting board , a chopper and around seven long beans .
the person washed the beans well , .
the person shook off the excess water .
the person cut a bit off both the ends of each one of the beans .
the person arranged the beans all so as to be of the same length .
the person cut the beans up into one inch long pieces .
the person placed a frying pan on the cooking range , .
the person switched the cooking range on .
the person added approximately a tablespoon of olive oil to a frying pan .
the person moved the oil around in the pan , .
the person adjusted the temperature .
the person added the beans to the pan .
the person moved the pieces around so that each piece was lying separately on the surface of the pan .
the person sprinkled around half a teaspoonful of what looked like red chilli powder onto the beans .
the person gently shook up the pan to move the beans around .
the person waited for the beans to cook .
the oil started to boil , the person shook the pan to toss the beans around .
the person sprinkled some salt and another spice , probably pepper , into the beans .
the person tossed the beans around by shaking the pan .
the person used a wooden spoon to move the beans gently .
press the beans down a bit .
another minute of stirring occasionally , the person picked up one with a fork .
the person sprinkled some more salt , .
the person stirred the beans for half a minute .
the person ate another piece .
the person added some more pepper to the beans , .
the person stirred the beans .
the person tossed the beans around .
the person ate another piece .
the person added some more pepper to the beans .
another twenty seconds , took the beans out in the plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the fridge .
the person retreaved some beans .
the person cut the ends off of the beans .
the person stacked the ends aside .
the person chopped the beans into squares .
the person grabed a pan .
the person heated a pan on the stove top .
the person placed the bean squares in the pan with a wooden spatula .
the person added salt and pepper to the beans squares stirring .
the person ate one of the squares , .
the person added more salt .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person took out a package of beans from the fridge .
the person took out six beans .
the person cut six beans into small pieces .
the person took out a pan .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person placed salt and pepper to the cutting board .
the person took out a bag of spices from the cabinet .
the person took out a spatula .
the person used a spatula to move the beans on the cutting board into the pan .
the person spread the beans around .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took out a spoon .
the person used a spoon to take the spice out of the bag .
the person spread the spice on the beans .
the person used the spatula to spread the bean mixture around .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person sprinkled salt and pepper into the mix of beans .
the person took out a fork and small plate .
the person used the fork he tried a bean .
the person added more salt .
mixed the mixture with a spatula .
the person tried another bean .
the person put the salt and pepper away .
the person used the spatula to put the beans onto the small plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got beans from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the beans in a sink .
the person cut the ends off the beans .
the person sliced the beans with the knife .
the person put the ends in a trash can .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person put the pan on the stove .
the person put oil in the pan .
the person added the beans to the frying pan .
the person added salt and pepper to the beans .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the beans on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person grabbed beans from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the beans .
the person cut off both ends of each bean .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person grabbed a pot from a drawer , .
the person put a pot in the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed oil in the pot .
the person grabbed salt and pepper from the counter .
the person grabbed some condiments from the cabinet and a wooden spatula from a drawer .
the person threw the beans in the pot .
the person spread the beans inside the pot so the beans would n't be on top of each other .
the person sprinkled the condiment on the beans with a spoon .
the person stirred with the wooden spatula and by shaking the pot .
the person stirred the beans by shaking the pot and making the beans flip in the air .
the person kept adding salt and pepper .
the person stirred the beans each time adding more salt or pepper .
tasting the beans a few times .
the person turned off the stove .
the person placed the beans on a plate .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person got the beans from the fridge .
the person took some beans from the package .
the person put some beans on the cutting board .
the person put the rest of the beans back .
the person cut the tips off the beans .
the person chopped the beans up .
the person got out a skillet .
the person put a skillet on the stove .
the person got out oil .
the person put the oil in the skillet .
the person got spices out .
the person put the beans in the skillet .
the person stirred the beans in the pan .
seasoned the beans .
the person put the spices away .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person contiuned to cook the beans .
the person added salt and pepper to the beans .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out beans .
the person put some of the beans on the cutting board .
the person washed the beans in the sink .
the person cut off the ends of the beans .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person disposed of the ends of the beans .
the person took out a skillet .
the person took out spices .
the person cooked the beans and spices in the skillet .
the person put the cooked beans onto a plate .
the person came the into a kitchen .
the person took knife and vegetable pad from drawer of the platform .
the person took beans pack from refrigerator .
again took some of the beans in beans pack .
the person replaced beans pack in same place .
the person washed all beans , .
the person cut the coroners of the beans with knife and beans into small pieces .
the person took a oil bottle from shelf .
the person purred oil in vessel , .
the person replaced a oil bottle in shelf .
the person took two small bottles like pepper & salt .
the person took a packet from shelf .
the person put beans pieces in vessel .
the the person fried beans , .
the person fried beans .
the person took a spoon from drawer .
the person put pureed two spoons of powder on vessel .
the person replaced packet in shelf .
the person replaced a spoon in drawer .
the person cleaned knife .
the person replaced pad in drawer .
the person fried beans with pepper & salt .
the person took one plate from shelf .
the person put all the beans in that plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife out .
the person got some beans from the fridge .
the person laid some beans on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the beans .
the person cut the ends off each one .
the person sliced the beans into medium pieces .
the person threw away the ends .
the person got a pan from under the counter .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person set out some seasoning .
the person got seasoning from the pantry .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person added the beans to the pan .
the person stirred the beans .
the person added some seasoning to the pan .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put away the cutting board .
the person added more seasoning .
the person got a fork from the drawer and a plate from the cabinet .
the person ate one of the bean pieces .
the person added more salt .
the person tasted another bean .
the person added more pepper .
the person tasted one more bean .
the person added more salt .
the person poured the beans onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person grabbed beans out the fridge .
the person rinsed the beans using the sink .
the person sliced the beans on the cutting board .
the person removed a cutting board and a large knife from the drawer .
the person took a package of beans from the refrigerator .
the person selected some beans .
the person put the rest back in the fridge .
the person rinsed the beans in the sink .
the person cut the tips off of each bean pod .
the person gathered the beans .
the person sliced the beans .
the person took a frying pan from the drawer .
the person started the stove .
the person removed some olive oil from the cupboard .
the person added some olive oil to the pan .
the person took some spices from the rack and a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person scraped the cut beans into the frying pan .
the person sprinkled seasonings over the beans .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put away the cutting board .
the person added spices to the beans .
the person took out a small plate and a fork .
the person scraped the beans onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a package of green beans .
the person took several green beans out of the package .
the person returned the package to the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the green beans .
the person placed the green beans on the cutting board , .
one by one , the person cut of the ends of the beans .
the person was done , he cut the beans into smaller pieces , all at once .
the person took the ends of the beans .
the person discarded the ends of the beans in the trash .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person added olive oil .
the person began to pick out the spices and ingredients he needed for the beans .
the person added the beans to the pot .
the person continued to saute the beans .
seasoned the beans .
the person went to the counter .
the person got a plate and fork from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate and fork on the counter .
the person tasted the greens to see if the greens were done .
the person continued to season the greens .
the beans were done , the person spooned them onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , and a knife .
the person went into the fridge .
the person pulled out a container of beans .
the person washed the beans off in the sink , .
the person cut the beans up .
the person got out a frying pan .
the person set a frying pan on the cook top .
the person got some olive oil out , and some spices .
the person added olive oil to he pan , .
the person got out a spatula .
the person added the green beans to the pot , .
the person began sauteing the green beans .
the person finished cooking the beans , .
the person added spices to the beans , .
the person began to clean up the cooking area .
the person washed the knife .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person added more spices to the beans , .
the person grabbed a fork and a saucer .
the person tasted the beans , .
the person added some more seasoning to the beans .
the person scrapped the beans onto a saucer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer and beans from the refrigerator .
the person put some beans on the cutting board .
the person put the rest back .
the person washed the beans .
the person cut off the ends .
the person sliced the beans .
the person used the knife to throw the ends in the trash .
the person got a frying pan from the drawer .
the person got some oil from the cupboard and seasoning from the counter .
the person placed the oil and beans in the pan .
the person also got a bag of seasoning from the cupboard .
the person got a wood spoon from the drawer .
the person opened the bag of seasoning , .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
seasoned the beans .
the person put the used teaspoon in the dishwasher .
the person put the cutting board in the drawer , .
the person added the other seasoning .
the person added seasoning to the beans , .
the person shook the beans .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person got a plate from the cupboard , .
the person stirred the beans .
the person tasted the beans .
the person added more seasoning to the beans , .
the person stirred the beans .
the person tasted the beans .
the person added more seasoning , .
the person stirred the beans , .
the person tasted the beans , .
the person added more seasoning .
the person put the seasoning away .
the person put the beans on the plate .
first the person took the beans .
the person washed the beans .
the person cut off the ends and the yucky parts .
the person cut the beans in inch pieces .
the person took a pan with oil in a pan .
the person let a pan warm up .
the person did that he got his spices out .
the person fried up the beans .
the person fried the beans , .
the person made sure the beans were all spread out evenly in the pan .
the person added the spices .
the person served the fried beans on a plate .
the person went to a cabinet .
the person removed a loaf of bread .
the person went to a different cabinet .
the person looked for a plate that he removed from a bottom shelf .
the person took the plate to the same counter where the bread was located .
the person placed the plate to the bread .
the person opened the loaf of bread , .
the person took two pieces out , .
the person placed two pieces on the plate .
the person tied the twist on the loaf of bread .
the person took the plate of bread to an adjacent counter .
the person took the plug of a toaster , .
the person inserted the plug of a toaster into an outlet on the wall , .
the person adjusted the dial .
the person put the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person lowered the toaster lever .
the person returned the loaf of bread to the cabinet .
the person went to the toaster counter , .
stood there , .
the person watched .
the person touched the toaster .
the person paced around the kitchen floor , with his hands behind his back .
the person re-positioned his hands to his front , .
the person waited in front of the toaster , .
the person looked into the toaster a few times .
the person popped the toaster lever , .
the person removed the toaster cord .
the person relocated the toaster further back on the counter .
the person took the slices of toast out of the toaster , .
the person placed the slices of toast on the plate .
the person left the kitchen .
the person took a wrapped loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person placed a wrapped loaf of bread on the counter .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person opened the bread .
the person put two slices on the plate .
the person retied the twist tie on the bread .
the person carried the plate over to the toaster .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person placed the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person pushed down the toaster lever .
the person returned to the bread .
the person carried the bread back to the cabinet .
the person put the bread back in .
the person walked back over to the toaster .
the person paced back and forth continuing to wait .
the person waited for the toast .
the toast popped up , .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person picked up the plate .
the person walked away .
the person got a loaf of bread from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person toasted the bread in the toaster .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took two slices of bread out of the bag .
the person put the two slices on the plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person put the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person put the bag of bread back in the cabinet .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person popped the toasted bread .
the person put the toasted bread on the plate .
the person walked out of the room with the plate of bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed two pieces of bread onto the plate .
the person placed the bread into the toaster .
the person placed the loaf of bread back into the cabinet .
the person removed the toast from the toaster .
the person placed the toast on a plate .
the person pulled a loaf of store bought bread from the cupboard , .
the person fetched a plate .
the person undid the bread tie , .
the person pulled out a two slices of ` texas toast ' style bread .
the person put a two slices of ` texas toast ' style bread on the plate , .
the person retieed the bread bag .
the person took his plated bread .
the person went to the toaster to plug the toaster in and adjust the settings .
before the person slotted the bread into place .
firmly pushing the lever securely down , .
the person turned , .
the person noticed the loaf of bread still on the counter .
the person snatched the loaf of bread smoothly up to replace back into the cupboard .
the person fiddled with the settings , .
the person stood back resigned to wait a few more seconds , .
the person dialed the setting down - toast ! .
the person unplugged the toaster .
slip the toaster back to it was corner .
the person retrieved the toast .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person grabbed a bag of sliced bread from a cabinet .
the person took out a plate from another cabinet .
the person opened the bag .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person put the plate on the other side of the counter .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person adjusted the settings on the toaster .
the person placed the slices into the toaster , .
the person started the toaster .
the person put the bread away .
the person put the finished toast onto the plate .
the person exited the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took bread from the cabinet .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took two slices of bread from the bag .
the person placed the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person turned on the toaster .
the person placed the bread back in the cabinet .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person took the bread out of the toaster .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread out of the pantry .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person took two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person put the loaf of bread back in the pantry .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person walked out of the kitchen with the plate .
the person retrieved a package of sliced bread and a plate from a cupboard .
the person placed a package of sliced bread and a plate on the counter .
the person removed two sliced of bread from the package .
the person placed two sliced of bread on the plate .
the person plugged a toaster into an electrical outlet .
the person placed each slice of bread into one of the toaster slots .
the person pushed the toaster lever down .
the slices of bread moved into the toaster .
the toaster heated the slices of bread .
the toaster popped the bread sliced back upward through the toaster slots .
the person removed the slices of bread from the toaster slots .
the person placed the slices of bread onto a plate .
a young person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person got a plate from another cabinet .
the person removed two pieces .
the person pluged a black toaster in .
the person adjusted the dials .
the person put the two slices of bread in a black toaster , .
the person waited what seemed like a long time for the toast .
the person adjusted a dial again .
the toast popped up , perfectly golden .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person walked out of the room .
the person got bread out of a cabinet .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took two pieces of bread from the bag .
the person put two pieces of bread on the plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person adjusted the settings on the toaster .
the person put in the bread .
the person pressed down the lever to toast the bread .
the person put the rest of the bread away .
the toast popped up .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person left with the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a package of bread from the cabinet .
the person took a white plate out of another cabinet .
the person put a white plate on the counter .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person put the package of bread back in the cabinet .
the person twisted the knob .
the person twisted the knob .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person walked out of the kitchen with the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed bread from the pantry .
the person removed a plate .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person placed bread on the plate .
the person closed the bread , .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person pressed the button on the toaster .
the person placed the rest of the bread back where the bread belonged .
the person waited on the toaster to toast the bread .
the person removed the toast from the toaster .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person opened the panty .
the person brought out a loaf of bread .
the person pulled out a plate from the cupboard .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person opened the loaf of bread , .
the person withdrew two slices .
the person placed two slices on the plate .
the person retied the loaf of bread .
the person took the plate over to the toaster .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person set the toaster , .
the person put the bread in to toast .
the person put away the loaf of bread in the pantry .
the person watched the toaster .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person adjusted the cooking temperature .
the person waited for the toast .
the person paced back and forth as he waited for the toast to be finished .
the person made the toast pop .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person set the toaster aside .
the person placed the two slices of toast on the plate .
the person walked away .
the person took a bag of bread out of the pantry .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person took two slices of bread out of the bag .
the person tied the bag of bread closed .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person put the slices of bread in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the bag of bread back in the pantry .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took bread from the cabinet .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took two slices of bread from the bag .
the person turned on the toaster .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person placed the bread back in the cabinet .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the men took the bread out of the toasted .
the person placed the bread on a plate .
the subject of the video walked into the kitchen , .
the person opened a cabinet , .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person also removed a plate from another cabinet .
the person opened the bag of bread , .
the person removed two slices , .
the person closed the bag .
the person plugged in his toaster .
the person put the bread inside .
the person returned the rest of the loaf of bread to the cabinet .
the person waited for the toaster , fidgeting and pacing back and forth .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person removed the toast , .
the person placed the toast on the plate , .
the person left the kitchen .
the young person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person placed a loaf of bread onto the counter top .
the young person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate onto the counter top .
the person opened the loaf of bread .
the person removed two slices of bread .
the person placed the two slices of bread on the plate .
the person closed the loaf of bread .
the person went to the other counter top with the toaster .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person placed the two slices of bread into the toaster .
the person pushed the lever down on the side of the toaster to initiate the toaster oven .
the person waited approximately two minutes until the toaster ejected the bread out of the machine .
the young person unplugged the toaster , .
the person removed the two slices of toasted bread .
the person placed the two slices of toasted bread on the plate .
the person grabbed the plate .
the person left the kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed two slices of bread on the plate .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person place the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person placed the loaf of bread back .
the person paced .
the person waited for the toaster to finish .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person grabbed the finished toast .
the person plated the toast .
the person walked away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out garlic .
the person peeled the garlic over the trash .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut off the ends of the garlic .
the person finely sliced the garlic .
the person diced the finely cut garlic .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the finely cut garlic onto the plate .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person put the cut garlic into the cabinet .
the person removed two small pieces of garlic from a cupboard .
the person peeled the skin from the pieces of garlic with his hands .
the person rinsed the peeled pieces of garlic in the sink .
the person took a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person placed the piece of garlic on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends from both pieces .
the person discarded both ends .
the person sliced both pieces of garlic into small pieces .
the person further diced the pile of chopped garlic .
the person removed a plate from a cupboard .
the person put the chopped garlic on the plate .
the person looked .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person dried the knife and cutting board .
the person put away the knife and cutting board .
the person placed the plate of garlic in the cupboard .
the person took out the head of garlic .
the person removed two cloves .
the person peeled the garlic cloves .
the person rinsed the cloves under running water .
the person placed a knife and a cutting board on the counter .
the person cut off the ends of the garlic cloves .
the person sliced the garlic cloves .
the person placed a plate onto the counter .
the person placed the sliced garlic onto the plate .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person put away the knife and cutting board .
the person put the plate of garlic away .
the person got two cloves of garlic from a pantry .
the person peeled two cloves of garlic over the trash .
the person rinsed two cloves of garlic in the sink .
the person put two cloves of garlic on a cutting board .
the person chopped off the ends .
the person put the ends in the trash .
the person cut the garlic into thin slices .
the person chopped those slices into smaller pieces .
the person got a small plate from the pantry .
the person moved the minced garlic to the plate .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person dried the knife on a towel .
the person put the knife away .
the person also rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person took out a piece of garlic from a kitchen cabinet .
the person removed the unwanted pieces .
the person threw the unwanted pieces into the garbage .
the person rinsed the piece of garlic .
the person took out a circular cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the garlic in half .
the person threw out another unwanted piece .
the person proceeded to slice the garlic into smaller pieces .
the person took out a small plate .
the person used the knife to move the pieces of garlic onto the small plate .
the person washed the knife , .
the person dried the knife with a towel .
the person put the knife away .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person put the garlic on the small plate into the kitchen cabinet .
the person took a clove of garlic from the pantry , .
the person peeled a clove of garlic to the trash can .
the person washed a clove of garlic under the sink , .
the person took out a knife and circular cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the clove in half , and into smaller pieces .
the person did this until the clove was completely diced .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person put the garlic on the plate .
the person washed the knife , .
the person dried the knife with a towel .
the person put the knife back in the drawer .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back in the drawer , .
the person followed by putting the garlic into another pantry .
the person separated two cloves of garlic from a cluster in the cabinet .
the person peeled the skin off into the trash .
the person rinsed the cleaned cloves under tap water .
the person selected a large knife and cutting board , .
the person proceeded to first cut the garlic cloves into thin slices .
the person gathered the slices into a pile .
the person cut the slices into smaller chunks .
the person used the knife to scoop and transfer the chunks onto a small dish .
the person cleaned both the knife and cutting board .
the person dried both the knife and cutting board .
the person replaced both the knife and cutting board , .
the person placed the dish of chopped garlic into the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took some garlic from the cupboard .
the person peeled off two small cloves .
the person put the rest of the garlic back in the cupboard .
the person peeled the cloves over the trash bin .
the person rinsed the garlic in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person cut the tips from the cloves .
the person threw the tips away .
the person sliced each garlic clove .
the person diced up the sliced garlic .
the person took a small plate from the cupboard .
the person scraped the garlic onto the plate .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person dried the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person put the knife and the cutting board back into the drawers .
the person put the plate of garlic into the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen , .
where the person took a few cloves of garlic from a cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person washed the garlic .
the person chopped the garlic on a cutting board .
the person pulled out a small plate from the cabinet .
the person slid the garlic onto the plate .
the person washed the board .
the person put the plate into a different cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some garlic from the pantry .
the person took the skin off the garlic cloves .
the person threw the skin away .
the person rinsed the cloves of garlic .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person cut the ends off the garlic .
the person threw the ends off the garlic away .
the person cut the garlic into small pieces .
the person diced the garlic .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person transferred the garlic to the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person took the plate of garlic .
the person put the plate of garlic in the pantry .
the person took a garlic clove out of the pantry .
the person peeled the skin off of the garlic into the trash .
the person put half of the garlic clove back into the pantry .
the person continued to peel the skin off the rest of the garlic .
the person rinsed the skin-less garlic off .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife out of another drawer .
the person cut the garlic pieces into slices with the knife .
the person diced the garlic slices .
the person put the garlic on the plate .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person dried the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person put the plate of garlic back in the pantry .
the person got a garlic clove from a cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic over the trash can .
the person rinsed the garlic in a sink .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person minced the garlic with the knife .
the person got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person put the garlic on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person put the cutting board and the knife back in the drawer .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person put the minced garlic in the cabinet .
the person removed garlic from the cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic over the garbage .
the person rinsed the garlic in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the garlic into small pieces .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person placed the garlic pieces into the bowl .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person put the knife and cutting board in the drawer .
the person placed the bowl of garlic in the cabinet .
the person placed the bowl of garlic in the cabinet .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person retrieved a clove of garlic from the pantry .
the person separated the clove at the sink .
the person returned the other half to the pantry .
the person proceeded to peel the garlic .
which the person discarded the skin into the thrash .
the person washed the garlic at the sink .
the person retrieved a chopping board from a counter cabinet .
the person also retrieved a knife from a kitchen drawer .
the person stood at the sink .
meticulously chopped up the garlic .
the person done , he retrieved a saucer from a cabinet .
the person transferred the garlic from the chopping board untoed the saucer .
the person washed the knife , .
the person dried the knife with a dishcloth .
the person returned the knife to the drawer .
the person washed the chopping board .
the person returned the chopping board to the cabinet .
the person placed the saucer into a cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a piece of garlic from the pantry .
the person broke off two cloves .
the person peeled the cloves into the trash .
the person rinsed the cloves in the sink .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of the drawer .
the person chopped the garlic on the cutting board .
the person removed a saucer from the cabinet .
the person placed the chopped garlic on a saucer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person put the knife back in the drawer .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person placed the saucer of garlic in the pantry .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got a bulb of garlic .
the person took two cloves .
the person put the rest of the bulb back in the pantry .
the person peeled the skin off the cloves .
the person threw the skin in the garbage .
the person rinsed the cloves in the sink .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the tips off the cloves .
the person threw the tips away .
the person cut the garlic cloves into thin slices .
the person finely diced the slices .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a small plate .
the person put the diced garlic on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person put the garlic in the pantry .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took some garlic from the pantry .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person washed the garlic .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the garlic thinly .
the person chopped the garlic slices .
the person took a saucer from the cabinet .
the person washed the knife and board .
the person put the garlic in the pantry .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed garlic out the cabinet .
the person broke apart the garlic .
the person tossed the skins into the garbage .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person sliced the garlic on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a small white plate out the cabinet .
the person placed the sliced garlic on the white plate .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person placed the plate of garlic into the cabinet .
the person got a out of the cupboard .
the person opened the trashcan .
the person peeled the garlic into the trashcan .
the person put the garlic on the cabinet .
th person peeled the garlic .
the person put the skins in the trash .
the person closed the trashcan .
the person rinsed off the garlic .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person cut the end off the garlic .
the person threw the end off the garlic away .
the person chopped the garlic .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person put the garlic on the plate .
the person rinced off the knife .
the person put away the dishes .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two cloves of garlic .
the person peeled two cloves of garlic over the trash .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person thinly sliced the cloves , .
finely chopped the cloves .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person washed the knife and cutting board , .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person put the plate in a cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plum out of the fridge .
the person got a plum out of the fridge .
the person got a knife from the drawer and a plate from the cabinet .
the person got a knife from the drawer and a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plum at the sink .
the person rinsed the plum at the sink .
the person dried the plum with a kitchen towel .
the person dried the plum with a kitchen towel .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut the plum halves in half again .
the person cut the plum halves in half again .
the person put the plum halved on the plate .
the person put the plum halved on the plate .
the person removed the pit .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw away the pit .
the person threw away the pit .
the person rinsed the knife and his hands .
the person rinsed the knife and his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a plum , knife and plate .
the person washed the plum in the sink , .
the person washed the plum in the sink , .
the person dried the plum with a towel .
the person dried the plum with a towel .
the person cut lengthwise around the plum with the knife , .
the person cut lengthwise around the plum with the knife , .
the person separated the two halves .
the person sliced each half into wedges , .
the person sliced each half into wedges , .
the person discarded the pit .
the person discarded the pit .
the person reached into the fridge .
the person took out a plum .
the person obtained a small paring knife from the drawer .
the person obtained a small paring knife from the drawer .
the person placed a small paring knife beside the plum .
the person placed a small paring knife beside the plum .
the person placed a plum onto the work surface .
the person placed a plum onto the work surface .
the person proceeded to the cupboard .
the person proceeded to the cupboard .
the person brought a plate alongside the other items .
the person brought a plate alongside the other items .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum at the sink using water and a dish cloth .
the person dried the plum at the sink using water and a dish cloth .
the person began to prepare the fruit first by halving it horizontally .
the person proceeded to cut the fruit into four segments .
the person proceeded to cut the fruit into four segments .
the person placed four segments onto the plate .
the person placed four segments onto the plate .
the person discarded the large stone that was left into the bin .
the person discarded the large stone that was left into the bin .
the person rinsed the knife at the sink .
the person rinsed the knife at the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a plum from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person placed the knife and plum on the counter .
the person placed the knife and plum on the counter .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate to the knife .
the person placed a plate to the knife .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink , .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink , .
the person halved it the plum .
the person sliced the plum into quarters .
the person sliced the plum into quarters .
the person removed the pit from the plum .
the person removed the pit from the plum .
the person put the pit in the garbage bin .
the person put the pit in the garbage bin .
the person rinsed his hands and the knife in the sink .
the person rinsed his hands and the knife in the sink .
the person dried his hands and knife with a towel .
the person dried his hands and knife with a towel .
the person got a plum and a pairing knife .
the person got a plum and a pairing knife .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the plum .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the tomato with a towel .
the person dried the tomato with a towel .
the person sliced the plum .
the person sliced the plum .
the person pitted the plum .
the person pitted the plum .
the person rinsed the knife and his hands .
the person rinsed the knife and his hands .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person entered the kitchen area .
the person entered the kitchen area .
the person removed a plum from the crisper drawer of the refrigerator .
the person removed a plum from the crisper drawer of the refrigerator .
the person removed a paring knife from the right side of the utensil drawer .
the person removed a paring knife from the right side of the utensil drawer .
the person chose a dinner plate from the cabinet , .
the person chose a dinner plate from the cabinet , .
the person placed a dinner plate on the counter top .
the person placed a dinner plate on the counter top .
the person washed the plum under running water .
the person washed the plum under running water .
the person took the paring knife .
the person took the paring knife .
the person sliced the plum in half , .
the person sliced the plum in half , .
the person turned the plum to separate the two halves .
the person turned the plum to separate the two halves .
the person sliced a quarter of the fruit .
the person proceeded to slice the plum into four sections , .
the person sliced a quarter of the fruit .
the person proceeded to slice the plum into four sections , .
the person placed four sections on the plate .
the person placed four sections on the plate .
the person removed the pit from the center .
the person removed the pit from the center .
the person threw the pit in the trash can .
the person threw the pit in the trash can .
the person rinsed his hands under the running water .
the person rinsed his hands under the running water .
the person rinsed off the paring knife , .
the person rinsed off the paring knife , .
the person dried his hands , the paring knife on the kitchen towel .
the person dried his hands and the paring knife on the kitchen towel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a dish out of the cabinet .
the person took a dish out of the cabinet .
the person washed the plum .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum .
the person dried the plum .
the person cut the plum down the middle .
the person cut the plum down the middle .
the person twisted the plum to separate the halves .
the person twisted the plum to separate the halves .
the person cut the plum into four pieces .
the person cut the plum into four pieces .
the person put the plum slices on the plate .
the person put the plum slices on the plate .
the person removed the pit .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit in the garbage .
the person threw the pit in the garbage .
the person washed the knife .
the person washed the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a plum .
the person opened a drawer .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person removed a knife .
the person set the plum down on the counter .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person walked over to the cabinet , .
the person removed a plate .
the person removed a plate .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person grabbed the plum .
the person grabbed the plum .
the person grabbed the knife , .
the person grabbed the knife , .
the person sliced the plum .
the person sliced the plum .
the person placed the sliced plum on the plate .
the person tossed the rest of the plum in the trash .
the person tossed the rest of the plum in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands off .
the person rinsed his hands off .
the person pulled a drawer open from the fridge .
the person pulled a drawer open from the fridge .
the person took out a plum .
the person took out a plum .
the person also got out a small knife from the drawer under the counter .
the person also got out a small knife from the drawer under the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum off with a towel .
the person dried the plum off with a towel .
the person cut the plum around the seed , .
the person twisted off the halves .
the person twisted off the halves .
the person cut each half in half again , .
the person cut each half in half again , .
the person removed the pit .
the person removed the pit .
the person washed off the knife he used .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a plum from the refrigerator .
the person took a plum from the refrigerator .
the person got a paring knife out of a drawer .
the person got a paring knife out of a drawer .
the person put a paring knife on the counter .
the person got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the plum in half and into slices .
the person cut the plum in half and into slices .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person washed the knife .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person entered kitchen .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took out a plum from the refrigerator , a knife and a plate from the cupboard .
the person took out a plum from the refrigerator , a knife and a plate from the cupboard .
the person washed the plum .
the person washed the plum .
the person used a towel to clean the plum .
the person used a towel to clean the plum .
the person sliced the plum in to two half .
the person sliced the plum in to two half .
further sliced two half .
further sliced two halves .
the person placed two half on the plate .
the person placed two halves on the plate .
the person threw the seed to the trash .
the person threw the seed to the trash .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person entered the room .
the person entered the room .
the person took a fruit from the refrigerator .
the person took a fruit from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a knife and a plate .
the person grabbed a knife and a plate .
the person washed the onion .
the person washed the onion .
the person dried the onion .
the person dried the onion .
the person cut the onion in pieces .
the person cut the onion in pieces .
the person washed the knife .
the person washed the knife .
the person walked in .
the person went straight to the refrigerator .
the person took out a plum .
at the counter , the person took out a knife .
the person turned around to get a plate .
the person turned around to get a plate .
the person put the plate on the counter , .
the person put the plate on the counter , .
the person washed the plum .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum .
the person dried the plum .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person pared each half into slices .
the person pared each half into slices .
the person threw away the pit .
the person threw away the pit .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a red plum .
the person took out a red plum .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed the plum .
the person washed the plum .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut the plum into smaller pieces .
the person cut the plum into smaller pieces .
the person removed the seed from the center .
the person removed the seed from the center .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the fridge .
the person walked to the fridge .
the person removed an item .
the person removed an item .
the person grabbed a knife and a plate .
the person grabbed a knife and a plate .
the person washed the item .
the person washed the item .
the person dried the item .
the person dried the item .
the person cut the item .
the person cut the item .
the person discarded a piece .
the person washed the knife .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took a plum or small red nectarine out .
the person took a plum or small red nectarine out .
the person got small knife from a drawer and a white plate from the cupboard behind her .
the person got small knife from a drawer and a white plate from the cupboard behind her .
the person placed a plum or small red nectarine on the counter .
the person placed a plum or small red nectarine on the counter .
the person washed the fruit over the sink .
the person washed the fruit over the sink .
the person dried the fruit with a towel .
the person sliced the fruit in half .
the person sliced the fruit in half .
the person twisted the fruit to separate each side .
the person twisted the fruit to separate each side .
the person carefully cut each half into quarters .
the person carefully cut each half into quarters .
the person put the quarters on the plate .
the person put the plum quarters on the plate .
the person threw away the stone from the fruit , .
the person threw away the stone from the fruit , .
the person washed his hands and the knife in the sink .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person retrieved a plate fro the cabinet .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum .
the person cut the plum in half into quarters .
the person washed the knife .
the person removed a small fruit from the refrigerator .
the person removed a small fruit from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the fruit in the sink .
the person washed the fruit in the sink .
the person dried the fruit with a dish towel .
the person dried the fruit with a dish towel .
the person ripped the fruit open .
the person ripped the fruit open .
the person sliced the fruit into pieces .
the person sliced the fruit into pieces .
the person washed his hands and the knife .
the person washed his hands and the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a plum from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a plum from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a plum , a knife on the counter .
the person placed a plum , a knife on the counter .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate on the table .
the person placed a plate on the table .
the person washed the plum .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum with a cloth .
the person dried the plum with a cloth .
the person cut the plum in half around the pit .
the person cut the plum in half around the pit .
the person twisted the plum apart .
the person twisted the plum apart .
the person took the plum half with the pit .
the person took the plum half with the pit .
the person cut the plum half in half again .
the person cut the plum half in half again .
the person removed the pit .
the person removed the pit .
the person cut the remaining half of plum in half .
the person cut the remaining half of plum in half .
the person threw away the pit into the trash .
the person threw away the pit into the trash .
the person washed his hands and the knife .
the person washed his hands and the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a small red fruit from the refrigerator .
the person removed a small red fruit from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a small plate from the cabinet .
the person took a small plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the fruit .
the person washed the fruit .
the person dried the fruit .
the person dried the fruit .
the person chopped the fruit into smaller pieces on the plate .
the person chopped the fruit into smaller pieces on the plate .
the person cut out the core .
the person cut out the core .
the person threw the core away .
the person washed the knife .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out garlic , a knife and cutting board .
the person peeled the garlic , .
the person removed two cloves .
the person put the rest back in the cupboard .
the person finely diced the cloves , .
the person threw the cloves away in the trash with the skins .
the person took another clove out of the cupboard , .
the person peeled another clove .
diced another clove again .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out a head of garlic , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person separated cloves from the head of garlic .
the person put the rest back .
the person cut up one clove .
the person threw the cloves into the trash .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person returned to the cupboard .
the person took out a new clove of garlic .
the person peeled the clove .
the person diced the clove into tiny pieces .
the person collected the skins .
the person threw the skins into the trash .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took out a pod of garlic from the shelf .
the person took out a cutting board and a very small , sharp knife .
the person peeled the flaky , outer skin off the pod with his hands .
the person took out two browned cloves of garlic .
the person replaced the rest in the shelf .
the person tried cutting the cloves into pieces .
the person took a garlic clove out of the pantry .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer and a knife from another drawer .
the person peeled the skin from the garlic clove .
the person put the garlic he was n't going to use back in the pantry .
the person began slicing a piece of garlic with the knife .
the person dumped the garlic skin and scraps in the trash .
so the person threw the garlic and skin away .
the person got another piece of garlic out of the pantry .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic .
the person threw the skins away .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person got garlic from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic clove with the knife .
the person put the garlic waste into a trash can .
the person got a garlic clove from the cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic with the knife .
the person put the garlic waste in the trash can .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the chef gathered his tools : a cutting board , a knife and a bulb of garlic .
the person started by removing the garlic from the package .
the person began to peel the garlic enough to separate a clove from the bulb .
the person put the garlic bulb back in the pantry .
the person placed the garlic clove on the cutting board .
the person began to dice the garlic clove .
the person peeled the garlic clove .
the person tossed everything on the cutting board into the garbage can .
the person got another clove from the garlic bulb .
the person peeled another clove .
diced another clove quickly .
the person finished by cleaning up the area .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed garlic out of the cabinet .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person peeled the garlic skins with his hand .
the person sliced the garlic on a cutting board .
the person tossed the garlic into the garbage .
the grabbed a small piece of garlic out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the little garlic on the cutting board .
the person started by entering the kitchen .
the person got a bulb of garlic from the cupboard .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person separated a clove .
the person put the rest of the bulb back in the cupboard .
the person cut the clove into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person threw away the garlic he 'd been working with .
the person hastily wiped the table clean .
the person went .
the person got another clove of garlic and a different knife .
the person peeled the new clove carefully .
the person sliced the new clove with the new knife .
the person picked up a few scraps .
the person threw a few scraps away .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered into kitchen .
the person opened the wardrobe .
the person took a garlic from the wardrobe .
the person opened a shelf .
the person took cutting board , knife from a shelf .
the person took out garlic from the cover .
the person took several cloves from garlic , .
the person put rest of garlic back into wardrobe .
the person tried to cut garlic into several pieces , was unable to do it .
so the person collected all cloves .
the person put all cloves in dustbin .
the person washed cutting board , .
the person cleaned counter top .
the person took a piece of garlic from wardrobe .
the person peeled the outer part of the garlic clove .
the person cut garlic into several pieces .
the person collected all the unwanted particles left on counter into his hand .
the person placed trash in a shelf with dustbin .
the person opened a shelf with dustbin .
the person opened the tap .
the person washed his hands , .
the person cleaned counter a bit .
the the person wiped his hands with a napkin .
the person walked back from kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a clove of garlic from the cupboard .
the person gathered a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person peeled the outside layer of the clove away with his hands .
the person had enough of the garlic he placed the remainder core of the clove back into cupboard .
the person placed a piece of the garlic on the cutting board .
the person began to dice a piece of the garlic into smaller pieces .
the person placed all the garlic he had peeled into the garbage .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person wiped off the counter .
the person retrieved another clove of garlic from the cupboard .
the person began to peel another clove of garlic apart by hand .
the person began to slice another clove of garlic into smaller bits on the cutting board with the knife .
the person threw the unused portion into the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person leaved the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed garlic from the cabinet .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person placed a cutting board on the table .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person shut the drawer .
the person peeled the garlic over the counter .
the person placed the remaining garlic back in the cabinet .
the person walked back over to the counter .
the person sliced up the garlic .
the person tossed all the garlic in the trash can , .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person walked back over to the cabinet .
the person removed garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic , .
the person tossed the remains in the trash can .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a piece of garlic from the pantry .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person opened the garlic .
the person peeled the skin off .
the person removed a couple cloved from the larger piece of garlic .
the person put the larger piece back into the pantry .
the person chopped the cloves into smaller pieces .
the person took the cloves he chopped with the rest of the peeled skin .
the person threw the cloves he chopped with the rest of the peeled skin into the trash .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person took another clove of garlic from the pantry .
the person peeled another clove of garlic .
with the knife , the person chopped another clove of garlic into smaller pieces .
the person threw the peels in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a head of garlic from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person broke a clove off the head of garlic .
the person put the rest away .
the person used the knife to cut the garlic into small pieces .
the person threw away the skin and chopped garlic .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person got another piece of garlic .
the person removed the skin .
the person cut the new piece of garlic into small pieces .
the person threw away the skin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person removed garlic from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person separated a few cloves .
the person put the garlic back in the cabinet .
the person sliced the cloves into small pieces .
the person threw out the slices and skin .
the person took another clove of garlic out of the cabinet .
the person removed another knife from the drawer .
the person peeled another clove of garlic .
the person sliced this clove of garlic into small pieces .
the person threw the skin into the garbage .
the person cleaned counter a bit .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person got garlic out .
the person took a knife and plate out of the drawer .
the person opened the garlic package .
the person opened the package .
the person took out some garlic .
the person took out a garlic shell .
the person placed a shell of garlic on the plate .
the person put the rest of the garlic in the refrigerator .
the person chopped the garlic .
the person cleaned the garlic scraps from the good parts as he chopped .
the person threw the garlic scraps all away in the trash , scraping the plate .
the person got more garlic out of the refrigerator .
the person got out a plate and knife .
the person cleaned the garlic shell .
the person chopped the garlic on the plate .
the person threw the scraps away .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person grabbed a piece of garlic .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person removed the garlic from it was packaging .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person placed the leftovers back in the fridge .
the person swept the garlic onto the chopping board .
the person diced some garlic .
the person threw that in the trash .
the person washed off the cutting board .
the person grabbed a piece of leftover garlic from the fridge .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person diced the garlic .
the person cleaned his surroundings .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took garlic from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the garlic cloves .
the person separated some cloves from the bulb .
the person put the bulb of garlic away .
the person sliced a clove of garlic with small cut .
the person cut the second clove .
the person cleaned the peel of the garlic from the counter .
the person threw away the garlic .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person got another clove of garlic .
the person peeled another clove of garlic .
the person sliced the clove of garlic .
the person cleaned the counter top .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
left .
the person removed garlic from a cabinet .
the person retrieved a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person removed some cloves from the garlic .
the person put the rest of the garlic back in the cabinet .
the person siled a clove .
the person threw the clove and the peels away .
the person wiped the cutting board and the counter .
the person retrieved another clove of garlic from the cabinet .
the person peeled the clove .
the person sliced the clove .
the person threw the peels away .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed a clove of garlic from the pantry , .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer , .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter , .
the person removed a knife from another drawer , .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person removed the garlic from its bag .
the person peeled the outer skin off by hand , .
the person placed the peels on the counter .
the person began separating the sections of the clove peeling , letting the sections fall to the counter with the peels .
the person stopped peeling and separating , .
the person removed two sections from the pile of peels , .
the person placed the sections on the cutting board .
the person put the remainder of the clove back in the pantry , .
the person returned to the cutting board , .
the person began slicing a garlic section .
the person stopped , .
the person put the knife down on the counter , .
the person placed the peels on the cutting board , .
the person scraped everything on the cutting board into the trash can by hand .
the person put the cutting board in the sink , .
the person rinsed his scraping hand and the board under the faucet , .
the person wiped the counter where he had been working with a dishrag , .
the person rinsed the towel under the faucet , .
the person rinsed the towel under the faucet , .
the person hung the towel back up on the faucet .
the person placed the cutting board back on the counter beside the knife , .
the person opened the pantry , .
the person removed another section of the garlic clove , .
closed the pantry , .
the person returned to the cutting board , .
the person removed a piece of peel from the new garlic section , .
the person placed a piece of peel on the counter , .
the person put the knife back in the drawer , .
the person selected a new knife from the same drawer .
the person placed the new knife on the counter , .
the person finished peeling the section by hand , .
the person placed the section on the cutting board , .
the person sliced the section finely lengthwise and crosswise , .
the person stopped occasionally to scrape garlic pieces off of the knife blade by hand .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board , .
the person scraped the peels off of the counter by hand into his other hand , .
the person threw the peels in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands under the faucet , .
the person stopped once to scrape a last bit of debris into the sink from the counter , .
the person dried his hands with a dishtowel .
the person began to walk out of the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a clove of garlic .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person broke the garlic into pieces with his hands .
the person threw the garlic into the trash .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out new garlic .
the person peeled the garlic with his hands .
the person cut the garlic into fine pieces .
the person washed his hands .
the person removed a skillet from the drawer .
the person got two eggs and a block of butter from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut herbs off of a plant .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got a wooden spoon out of the drawer .
the person placed a pat of butter in the skillet .
the person broke two eggs into the skillet .
the person seasoned the eggs .
the person cut up the herbs .
the person washed a plate .
the person dried the plate .
the person placed the cooked eggs on the plate .
the person placed the herbs on top .
the person took two brown eggs and butter from the refrigerator .
the person washed his hands in preparation to cook .
the person used a large kitchen knife to cut fresh herbs from a plant .
before the person rinsed the herbs .
the person added butter to a pan he heated up on the stove .
the person let the butter melt .
the person cracked the eggs into the pan .
the person scrambled the eggs with a wooden spatula .
the person sprinkled various spices onto the eggs .
the person allowed the eggs to cook he chopped the herbs on a wooden cutting board .
the person stirred the eggs periodically until the eggs were done cooking .
the person readied a plate .
the person put the cooked eggs onto the plate .
the person placed the pan in the sink .
the person sprinkled the chopped herbs on top of the eggs .
the person set a frying pan on the stove .
the person pulled out two eggs and butter .
the person washed his hands .
the person brought a container with what looked like a chive plant to the cutting board .
the person broke off a handful .
the person put a chunk of butter in the frying pan to melt .
the person waited for the butter to melt , .
the person brought out two spices .
the butter was not melting so the person tested the burner with his finger .
the person stirred the butter around the pan with a wooden spoon now and .
the person got another spice out .
the person straightened the chives waiting for the butter to melt , .
the person paced the butter .
the person stirred the butter occasionally .
the person cracked two eggs into the pan .
the person began stirring two eggs .
the person sprinkled on the spices .
the person tested the stovetop once again with his finger .
the person slowly stirred the eggs .
by scraping the eggs from edge to center .
the person went all the way around the pan .
the person threw away the egg shells .
the person washed his hands .
before scraping the pan again .
the person retested the stovetop .
the person chopped the chives .
before stirring the eggs a couple more times .
the person got a plate .
the person put a plate in the sink .
the person stirred the eggs one last time , .
the person dried the plate .
the person put the scrambled eggs on the plate .
the person sprinkled on the chives .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took butter and eggs from the refrigerator .
the person cut some herbs , .
the person turned on the range .
the person placed a pat of butter into the skillet , .
thought for a bit , .
the person retrieved seasonings from a rack on the counter .
once the butter melted , .
the person broke the eggs into the skillet , .
the person scrambled the eggs , .
seasoned the eggs .
the eggs set a bit , .
the person sliced the herbs .
the person waited for the eggs to finish .
the person got a dish from a cupboard .
the person washed a dish .
the person returned the seasonings to the cupboard .
the person dried the plate , .
the person placed the cooked eggs on the plate .
the person added the herbs .
the person came into kitchen , .
the person took a pan .
the person put a pan on stove .
the person took two eggs and butter box from fridge .
the person kept two eggs and butter box on counter top .
the person took a cutting board , .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a knife .
the person cut some grass from a plant .
the person kept that plant back .
the person washed grass .
the person put on stove , .
the person put some butter in pan .
the person took two seasoning .
the person put two seasoning on counter top .
the person spread butter a bit on pan .
the person took another seasoning .
the person waited until all butter melted , .
the person broke eggs .
the person put the eggs in pan .
the person washed his hands .
spread eggs in pan .
the person added seasonings to egg yolks in pan , .
the person trashed shells .
the person washed his hands .
the person mixed everything in pan , .
the person cut grass into tiny pieces .
the person took a plate from cupboard , .
the person washed a plate .
the person switched off stove .
kept seasonings back and butter back into the fridge .
the person wiped the plate .
the person took omelette into plate .
the person garnished omelette with grass .
the person kept a fork in the omelette .
the person removed a pan from a drawer .
the person removed two eggs and some butter from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person remove a knife from a drawer .
the person cut some herbs from a plant .
the person replaced a plant .
the person turned on the stove .
the person removed a spatula from a drawer .
the person placed some butter in the pan .
the person retrieved some seasonings from the counter .
the person cracked the eggs into the pan .
the person scrambled the eggs .
the person added the seasonings .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person continued to cook the eggs .
the person plated the eggs .
the person sprinkled the chopped herbs on the eggs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out herbs , two eggs and butter .
the person cut up the herb .
the person placed a small bit of butter into the skillet .
the person took out three spices .
the person waited for the butter to melt .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person added the eggs to the skillet .
the person stirred the eggs .
the person added the spices .
the person cut the herb into smaller pieces .
the person put the cooked egg onto the plate .
the person sprinkled the herb pieces on top .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person heated a pan .
the person gathered ingreadiants .
the person cut some herbs .
the person placed some herbs on a cutting board .
the person took a wooden spoon .
the person greased a pan , as a pan heated up .
the person cracked two eggs directly into the pan .
the person stired the eggs .
the person diced herbs , .
the person proceeded to put the cooked eggs on a plate .
the person dropped the herbs ontop .
the person placed a pan on the stove top .
the person gathered the ingredients , including some fresh chives from a potted plant .
the person washed his hands , .
the person washed the chives .
before placing the chives on the cutting board .
the person turned on the stove .
the person used a spatula to place a chunk of butter on the pan , .
the person moved a chunk of butter around occasionally .
the butter melted , .
the person broke the two eggs into the pan .
the person scrambled the yolk , .
the eggs were cooking , the person seasoned the eggs .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person also threw away the egg shell .
the person chopped the fresh chives .
the person washed a small dish .
the person moved the eggs around to cook the eggs evenly .
the person moved the eggs around to cook the eggs evenly .
the person scooped the eggs onto the dish , .
the person placed the pan and spatula in the sink , .
the person topped the eggs with the chives .
the person retrieved a fork .
the person who wanted to cook had collected ingredients and placed all on the table .
the person put the frying pan on the stove .
the person placed all ingredients on the table .
the person added butter on his preparation .
in that reason , the person placed a certain bottles of spices .
the person poured eggs .
mixed with the spice and oil .
the person took more care to cook the food for tasteful one .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took out pan .
the person took out eggs .
the person took out butter .
the person took out cutting board .
the person washed hands .
the person took out herbs .
the person cut up herbs .
the person washed herbs .
the person turned on stove .
the person added butter to pan .
the person put eggs in pan .
the person cooked eggs .
the person added herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pan from under the stove .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed two eggs and some butter .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person got some chives from a pot of herbs .
the person washed some chives .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put some butter in the pan .
the person waited for the stove to heat up .
the person got salt and pepper .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person added the eggs to the pan .
the person stirred the eggs .
mixed the eggs up .
the person waited for the eggs to cook , he chopped the chives .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed a plate .
the person finished cooking the egg .
the person put the egg on the plate .
the person sprinkled chive on top of the egg .
the person put a fork on the plate .
the person came into kitchen , .
the person took a pan from a rack .
the person put in a pan on stove .
the person walked towards fridge .
the person opened the fridge .
the person put two eggs and butter box on slab .
the person took cutting board .
the person washed his hands with soap .
the person wiped hands , .
the person took knife and grass plant .
the person washed some grass .
the person switch on stove .
the person took a spatula .
the person took two seasonings , .
the person put two seasonings on slab .
the person closed the butter box .
the person changed some controls on stove .
just tossed the butter in pan .
meanwhile the person put another seasoning on the slab .
the person spread butter all over pan .
the person bore eggs .
the person put the eggs in pan .
the person mixed everything in pan .
the person put salt , pepper and red chill powder .
the person mixed everything with spatula slowly .
the person disposed the egg shells .
the person washed his hands with soap .
the person wiped his hands .
the person cut grass into small pieces , .
mixed omelette in pan .
the person took plate , .
the person washed the plate .
the person put seasonings back and butter into fridge .
the person took omelette into plate , .
the person garnished the omelette with grass .
the person put a fork on the omelette .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person took two eggs and butter out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut some pieces off a potted herb .
the person washed some pieces of potted herbs .
the person took out a wooden spatula .
the person put some butter in the frying pan .
the person melted the butter in the frying pan .
the person took out some spices .
the person put some spices on the counter .
the person watched the butter melt .
the person spread the butter around the pan .
the person cracked the eggs into the frying pan , .
broke the yolks .
the person beat the eggs .
the person sprinkled spices on the eggs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person moved the egg around the pan with the spatula .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person washed a plate .
the person put everything away .
the person put the cooked egg on the plate .
the person sprinkled the herbs on top .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person got two eggs and butter from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person cut herbs off of a herb plant .
the person put butter in the frying pan with a wooden spatula .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person added the eggs to the frying pan .
the person sprinkled salt and pepper over the eggs .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked eggs on the plate .
the person sprinkled the herbs on the eggs .
the person got out a frying pan from underneath the counter , .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person took out two eggs and some butter from the fridge .
the person washed his hands well , .
the person dried his hands off .
the person took a potted plant from nearby .
the person cut off a few leaves from a potted plant .
the person rinsed the leaves off , .
the person turned on the stove .
the person used a spatula to cut off a wedge of butter .
the person melted a wedge of butter in the pan .
the person picked up some spices and seasoning .
the person paced around the pan waiting for the pan to heat up .
the butter melted , .
the person cracked two eggs into the pan .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands off .
the person scrambled the eggs with his spatula .
the person seasoned the eggs a bit , .
the person turned the heat down .
the person washed his hands again , .
the person dried his hands , .
the person started to cut the green leaved into small pieces .
the person gave the eggs another stir .
the person fussed over the eggs for a , .
the person got a plate out , .
the person washed his hands , .
the person fussed over the eggs a bit more , .
the person scooped the eggs onto the plate .
the person gave the eggs a generous seasoning with the green leaved he cut up earlier .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person took two eggs and butter from the refrigerator .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person washed his hands .
the person used a knife to cut some herb away from a potted herb .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put a pad of butter in the pan .
the person cracked an eggs shell along the edge of the pan .
the person poured the egg into the pan .
the person broke open the second egg .
the person poured the second egg into the pan .
the person used a spatula to stir the egg mixture .
the person added seasoning to the eggs .
the person chopped the herb into fine pieces .
the person used the spatula to stir the eggs as the eggs cooked .
the person placed the cooked egg on a plate .
the person sprinkled the chopped herb over the cooked egg .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a skillet .
the person took out two eggs .
the person took out butter and a cutting board .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out herbs .
the person washed the herbs in the sink .
the person put butter into the skillet .
the person cracked the eggs into the skillet .
the person mixed the egg with a spatula .
the person added salt and pepper to the eggs .
the person sliced the herbs .
the person put the cooked egg onto a plate .
the person added the herbs to the egg .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took out a pan , .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person took out two eggs and some butter , and a cutting board .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out a knife from a drawer .
the person started cutting pieces of grass off of a plant on the counter .
the person rinsed the grass in the sink .
the person took out a wooden spatula .
the person used a wooden spatula to put some butter into the pan .
the person took out some salt , pepper , and spices .
the person used the spatula to spread the butter around the pan .
the butter was melted , the person cracked the eggs into the pan .
the person broke apart the egg yolk .
the person washed his hands .
the person scrambled the eggs with the spatula .
the person added salt , pepper , and the spice .
the person threw away the egg shells .
the person washed his hands again .
the person chopped the grass with the knife .
the person reached into the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person put away the butter and spices .
the person put the cooked eggs onto the plate .
the person garnished the plate with the grass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person prepared to cook .
the person fished a skillet from beneath the counter , .
the person gathered two eggs and butter from the refrigerator , .
sliced herbs .
the person threw a pat of butter into the pan , .
the person paced the pat of butter back and forth , .
the person assembled seasonings near a cutting board .
the person watched a pat of butter melt slowly .
the person tested the heat of the pan with the back of his hand , .
the person scooted the butter square around with a wooden spatula .
a pat of butter was melted and bubbling , the person cracked two brown eggs into the skillet , .
the person broke the yolks .
the person scooted the edges of the eggs into the center , .
the person scrambled the yolks gently .
the person worked the edges of the eggs around as the edges of the eggs dried and cooked .
the person paused .
the person took a plate from the cabinet , .
the person put the plate in the sink .
the person ran water over the plate .
the person turned down the heat , .
the person scooted the fluffy eggs to the center of the pan .
the person took the plate back out of the sink , .
the person dried the plate , .
slide the scrambled eggs onto the plate .
the herbs , the person sprinkled on top , .
the person dusted his hands off .
before sitting the plate on the opposite side of the kitchen counter , complete .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person placed a skillet on the stove .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person got out two eggs and some butter .
the person got out a cutting board , .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person got out a knife .
the person chopped some potted herbs up on the cutting board .
the person put the potted herbs away , .
the person rinsed off the ones he had on the board .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person got out a wooden utensil .
the person put butter in the skillet .
the person cracked open the eggs .
seasoned the eggs in the skillet .
the person threw the shells away , .
the person washed his hands .
the person chopped up the greens on the cutting board , .
the person continued to stir the eggs .
the person rinsed off a plate .
the person cleaned up all the items he was no longer using .
the person put the eggs on the plate .
the person placed the herbs on top of the eggs .
the person got out a fork .
the person set a fork on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a small round wooden cutting board from the drawer to the sink .
the person placed a small round wooden cutting board on the counter .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person removed the sticker from the avocado , .
the person threw the sticker away , .
the person rinsed the avocado in the sink .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the avocado over the cutting board .
the person finished , he threw away the peels .
the person washed his hands .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a small paring knife .
the person sliced the avocado lengthwise .
the person removed the seed with the tip of the knife .
the person threw away the seed .
the person washed his hands again .
the person cut half of the avocado lengthwise into thin strips .
the person put the paring knife in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person removed an avocado .
the person turned on the water , .
the person rinsed off the avocado in the sink .
the person turned off the water .
the person got out a knife , .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person tossed the peelings in the trash can .
the person rinsed off his hands , .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person removed the seeds from the center , .
the person tossed the seeds in the trash can .
the person rinsed off his hands again , .
the person sliced up the avocado .
the person placed the knife in the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer , .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took an avocado from the fridge , .
the person rinsed the avocado in the sink .
the person took a peeler out of a drawer .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person was finished , he put the peeler in the sink .
the person threw the skins into the trash .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person took a knife out of drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the pit from the avocado .
the person threw the pit away .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person cut one half of the avocado into slices , .
the person turned one half of the avocado , .
the person put the knife into the sink .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the avocado under water .
the person used a peeler to peel the avocado .
the person cleaned up the peelings .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person used the knife to cut the avocado in half .
the person took the pit from the center of the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado lengthwise .
the person cut the avocado across to create cubes .
the person took a cutting board out from under the counter , .
the person took an mango out of the fridge .
the person removed a sticker .
the person threw away a sticker on the avocado .
the person took a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the skin off the avocado .
the person threw all of the avocado skin into the trash .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person carefully sliced the avocado in half .
the person put aside one half .
the person worked the knife around the pit and removed the pit .
the person washed his hands again .
the person diced both halves of avocado into many pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person removed the skin from an avocado .
the person threw the skin in the trash , .
the person washed his hands , .
the person cut the avocado in half in order .
the person removed the seed .
the person washed his hands again , .
the person started to slice the avocado into smaller pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person took a vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the skin off of the avocado .
the person threw the avocado peeled into the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the avocado in half lengthwise .
the person pried the pit out of the avocado .
the person washed his hands again .
the person cut the avocado halved into chunks .
the person put the knife in the sink .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person pulled a small round cutting board from a drawer .
the person went to the refrigerator , .
the person selected an avocado .
the person peeled the sticker off the avocado , .
the person proceeded to wash the avocado , .
the person shook the avocado dry .
the person carefully peeled the fruit , keeping the peels on the cutting board .
the person gathered up the peels , .
the person threw the peels in the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person sliced the avocado in half with a knife , .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person washed his hands again .
the person returned to the avocado , .
the person sliced each half lengthwise into strips , .
crosswise , dicing the fruit .
the person put the knife in the sink .
the person returned to the diced avocado .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person threw away the sticker on the avocado .
the person rinsed the avocado .
the person got a peeler from under the counter .
the person used the peeler to remove the skin from the avocado .
the person put the peeler in the sink .
the person threw away the skin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw away the pit .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person sliced the avocado into cubes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed an avocade in the sink .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the avocado over the cutting board .
the person put the peeler in the sink .
the person discarded the peelings into the garbage bin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the avocado in half , .
the person removed the pit .
the person put the pit in the garbage bin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person diced the avocado into small cubes .
the person placed the knife in the sink .
the person strolled into a kitchen .
the person took out a round chopping board from a drawer .
the person retrieved an avocado from the refrigerator .
meticulously took off the label .
the person washed the avocado .
the person moved to the drawer to select a paring knife .
the person used the knife , he skinned the avocado , dropping the peel untoed the chopping board .
the person was done , he discarded the peel into a trash bin .
the person washed his hands using detergent from a cabinet .
the person retrieved a knife .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person cored the pear by extricating the seed with the paring knife .
the person done , he tossed the core into the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person used the paring knife to slice .
dice each avocado half .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person shook off the avocado residue off his hands .
the cook entered the kitchen , .
the person opened a draw .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person took an avocado .
the cook removed what appeared to be a stem .
the person disposed of the stem in the garbage can .
the person went to the sink to wash the avocado .
the person went to the counter where the cutting board was .
the person opened a draw .
the person pulled out a peeler knife .
the cook pealed the skin from the fruit .
the person disposed of the skin in the trash can .
the cook washed his hands .
the person got a new knife out .
the person halved the fruit .
the person used the knife to remove the large pit .
the cook disposed of the pit in the refuse can .
the person rinsed his hands again .
the person sliced the fruit first long ways side ways cubeing the fruit .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got an avocado .
the person took a knife out of the drawer , he peeled the avocado .
the person discarded the peel in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person the took out a clean knife .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person pitted the avocado .
the person tossed the stone in the trash .
the person finished his cooking task by cubing the avocado .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person placed the avocado onto the cutting board .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the seed .
the person cut the avocado into small pieces .
the person took out a round cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an avocado .
the person removed the sticker , .
the person washed the avocado .
the person shook the avocado off .
the person took a peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person put the peeler in the sink .
the person threw away the peels in the garbage .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person wiped his hands .
the person took a knife .
the person sliced long ways down the middle .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person rinsed his hands again .
the person sliced each half lengthwise first .
the person turned each half to make cube cut .
the person placed the knife in the sink .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the sticker off the avocado .
the person put the sticker in a trash can .
the person washed the avocado .
the person got a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person put the peels in the trash can .
the person washed his hands in a sink .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person pulled out the pit with the knife .
the person put the pit in the trash .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person sliced the avocado lengthwise with the knife .
the person sliced the avocado width wise with the knife .
the person put the knife in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out an avocado .
the person washed the avocado in the sink .
the person took a peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person threw away the skin .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person took the pit out .
the person threw the pit away .
the person cut the avocado into chunks .
the person placed a clean plate on the kitchen counter .
the person took out an avocado from the refrigerator , .
the person washed an avocado .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person placed the peeled avocado on the plate .
the person used a knife , he carefully sliced the avocado into two halves .
the person carefully scooped out the seed .
the person chopped the avocado sliced into small square pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person placed a wooden cutting board on the counter .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person retrieved an avocado .
the person removed the sticker from the avocado .
the person put the sticker in the garbage .
the person washed the avocado .
the person removed a vegetable peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person threw away the skin .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands , .
the person removed a small knife from the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person discarded the pit .
the person washed his hands again .
the person cut half of the avocado lengthwise into thin strips .
the person cut the strips of avocado along the width into neat diced pieces .
the person diced the other half of the avocado in the same fashion .
the person placed the knife in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person washed the avocado .
the person got a peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person threw the peels away .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person sliced the half in one direction in the other direction .
the person repeated the slicing on the other avocado half .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a cup and saucer .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person hit the egg on the cup .
the person extracted white portion of egg into the cup .
the person transferred the yolk to the saucer .
the person put the outer shell in the dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a plate and cup out the cabinet .
the person pulled out an egg out the fridge .
the person placed the egg yolk into the bowl and cup .
the person threw the egg shell into the garbage .
the person got two small bowled .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person cracked the egg on the smaller of the two bowled .
the person separated the yolk from the whites by passing the yolk between the two halves of the egg shell .
the person put the whites in one bowl and the yolk in the other .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bowl and a cup from the cabinet .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg over the cup .
the person dumped the raw egg in between the two shells .
the person let the white fall into the cup .
the person put the yolk into the bowl .
the person took a bowl and a cup out of the cupboard .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg on the cup .
the person poured the egg white into the cup .
the person placed the yolk in the bowl .
the person threw the egg shell in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked over to the cupboard .
the person removed a small bowl and a cup .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator up .
the person removed eggs .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person drained the egg and let the white fall into the cup .
the person placed the yolk in the bowl .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a cup and saucer .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the prep area .
the person closed the door .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person hit the egg on the cup .
the person extracted white portion of egg into the cup .
the person transferred the yolk to the saucer .
the person put the outer shell in the dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person obtained a cup and saucer .
the person placed a cup and saucer in a work area .
the person obtained a brown egg .
the person brought a brown egg to the work area .
the person cracked the egg on the edge of the cup .
the person emptied only the white of the egg into the cup .
the person did this by moving the yolk of the egg between halves of the shell .
the person moved the yolk of the egg between shell halves .
the white part of the egg fell into the cup and the egg yolk did not .
the person let the white through .
the person placed the egg yolk into the saucer .
the person discarded the egg shell .
the person washed hands to get clean from the egg .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person looked for a plate and a cup .
the person put a plate and a cup on the counter .
the person closed the cupboard .
the person opened the fridge .
the person closed the fridge .
the person looked at the egg .
before the person cracked the egg on the cups edge .
the person carefully extracted the egg white into the cup .
the person placed the egg yolk on the plate .
the person threw out the egg shell into the trash .
promptly washed his hands .
i person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person picked out a cup and saucer .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the kitchen counter .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed an egg .
the person cracked the egg on the cup .
the person poured the egg-whites into the cup .
the person placed the yolk on the saucer .
the person threw the eggshells away .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a cup and saucer .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the prep area .
the person closed the door of cupboard .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person hit the egg on the cup .
the person extracted white yolk of egg into the cup .
the person transferred the yellow yolk to the saucer .
the person put the outer shell in the dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a bowl and a cup from the cabinet .
the person set a bowl and a cup on the counter .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person inspected an egg .
the person cracked the egg on the side of the cup .
the person broke the shell in half .
the person used the empty half of the shell to try to separate the egg whites into the cup .
the egg whites were separated the person put the egg yolk into the bowl .
the person threw away the egg shells into a drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person left the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a cup and saucer .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the prep area .
the person closed the door of cupboard .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person hit the egg on the cup .
the person extracted white yolk of egg into the cup .
the person transferred the yellow yolk to the saucer .
the person put the outer shell in the dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet full of cups and plates .
the person took one cup and a plate out from a cabinet .
the person set each of one cup and a plate onto a counter , and shut the cabinet .
the person opened a refrigerator door .
from the fridge , the person took out one egg from a compartment inside a refrigerator .
the person brought the egg over to the cup he set on the counter , .
the person cracked the egg on the cup .
the person cracked the egg open enough , .
the person carefully poured the egg whites into the cup .
once the person drained out the egg whites , .
the person poured the egg yolk onto the plate to the cup .
the person took the egg shell to another cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person dropped the shell into the garbage basket that was in this cabinet .
the person shut the cabinet .
the person turned on the faucet to the kitchen sink , .
the person rinsed his hands under the water , .
the person turned off the faucet .
the person removed a bowl and cup from the cabinet .
the person took out an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg on the cup .
the person placed the egg whites in the cup .
the person placed the egg yolk in the bowl .
the person threw the egg shell in the garbage .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a plate , cup , and an egg .
the person cracked the egg over the cup , .
the person used the shell halves to keep the yolk intact , .
the person got all the egg white into the cup .
the person placed the yolk onto the plate , .
the person threw away the shells .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bowl and a cup from the pantry .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the white and yolk of the egg into the bowl and cup .
the person threw away the shell .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person opened the pantry .
the person took out some dishes .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out an egg .
the person cracked the egg in a cup .
the person placed the egg yoke on a plate .
the person placed the egg shell in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person removed a bowl and a cup from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg white into the cup .
the person placed the yolk in the bowl .
the person threw away the shell .
the person washed his hands .
the person got a small plate and a cup from a cabinet .
the person got a egg from a refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg open on the side of the cup .
the person separated the egg whites into the cup .
the person put the egg yolk on the plate .
the person put the egg shell in a trash can .
the person washed his hands in a sink .
the person took out an onion from the shelf .
the person washed an onion .
the person chopped off the top brown crown off the onion .
the person peeled the skin by hand .
the person made four to five vertical slits into two-thirds of the onion from the top , .
the person held the onion in his hand .
thereby the person got several finely chopped pieces of onion .
similarly , the person made four to five horizontal slits .
the person placed the onion on the board .
the person slid the knife through the onion horizontally .
the person minced the onion pieces thoroughly by chopping with the knife over and over again .
the person took the onion pieces in a bowl .
the person filled a bowl with enough water to soak the onions .
the person sprinkled around half a teaspoon of salt into a bowl .
the person rinsed out the onion thoroughly , twice , .
by draining out the excess water .
the person switched on the cooking range to a suitable temperature .
the person placed a frying pan on the cooking range .
the person added around half a tablespoon of butter into the pan .
the person melted half a tablespoon of butter .
the person sprinkled some more salt into the onions .
now the person fried the onions , .
the person added the onions to the pan .
the person kept stirring the onions constantly .
the person added around half a teaspoon of red chilli powder to the onions .
the person took out the fried onion onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the cabinet .
the person discarded the onion bag .
the person washed the onion in the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawers .
the person trimmed the onion with the knife .
the person removed the skin with his fingers .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person chopped the onion with the knife .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took a bowl from the drawer .
the person put the chopped onion in the bowl .
the person added water to the bowl with salt .
the person drained the water from the bowl with his hand .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person put a skillet on the stove .
the person added butter to the skillet .
the person put the chopped onion into the skillet , .
sauteed the chopped onion with a wooden spatula .
the person added more spice .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the onions on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person hesitated momentarily , .
the person looked through cupboards .
until the person found an onion and something else .
the person put the second object in a drawer .
the person started peeling the onion under running water in the sink .
the person looked through drawers .
until the person found a cutting board and knife ; .
the person rinsed the knife , .
the person used the knife to finish peeling .
the person cut the onion .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands , .
the person looked in cupboards and drawers .
until the person found a small metal bowl , .
the person used the knife to push the chopped onion into the bowl .
the person added water to the bowl , .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands , .
the person looked through the cupboard again .
the person found a small spice shaker in the spice rack , .
the person added a significant amount of a spice to the bowl , .
the person shook a small spice shaker for perhaps thirty seconds .
before using his hand to mix the spice in with the onion and water .
the person drained the water out of the bowl , using his hand to keep the onion from falling into the sink , .
before adding more water .
the person drained the water again .
the person pulled out a frying pan , .
the person rinsed a frying pan with water , .
the person put a frying pan on the stove , .
the person took some butter out of the fridge .
the person found a wooden spoon in the drawer , .
the person cleaned his knife .
the person used his knife to cut about a tablespoon of butter into the hot pan .
once the butter had melted , the person added more of the spice to the onion .
the person used the wooden spoon to place the onion in the pan , along with another tablespoon of butter .
the person stirred for a few seconds , .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person took a second spice from the spice rack , .
the person added a second spice to the onion in the pan .
the person continued to stir periodically , .
the person put away the butter .
the person took out a small plate , .
the person dried a small plate .
before placing the cooked onion on a small plate .
the person got an onion out of the cabinet .
the the person threw the bag in the trash .
the person washed off the onion .
the person took out a cuting board and a knife .
the person cut off the end of the onion .
the person peeled the onion skin off .
the person scored the onion .
the person sliced the onion across .
the person diced the onion .
the person gathered the skins in the sink .
the person got a bowl out of the drawer .
the person put the onions in a bowl .
the person added water and salt to the bowl of onions .
the person stired the onions up .
the person strained the water off .
the person got out a skillet .
the person rinsed a skillet out .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got butter out the fridge .
the person put the butter in the pan .
the person cooked the onions .
the person seasoned the onions .
the person put the onions in a plate .
the person entered a kitchen , .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet , .
the person washed an onion in the sink .
the person prepared a cutting board and knife on the counter , .
the person used the knife to cut off the inedible parts of the onion , .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion , .
the person mixed the onion in a bowl with water , .
the person added spice .
the person rinsed the onion mixture .
the person drained the water from the bowl .
the person put a pan on the stove top , .
the person removed butter from the refridgerator , .
the person used a wooden spoon .
the person used a knife to slice some butter off .
the person melted the butter in the pan , .
the person added onion to the pan , .
the onions cooked .
the person added spices .
the person transferred the onions from the pan to a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the pantry .
the person washed the onion in the sink .
the person peeled the onion in the sink .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person continued peeling the onion in the sink .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person took a bowl from out of the cabinet .
the person put the diced onions into the bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person salted the onions .
the person rinsed the onions in the bowl .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person rinsed a frying pan in the sink .
the person retrieved a stick of butter from the refrigerator .
the person took a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person rinsed a wooden spoon off .
the person sliced off a pat of butter .
the person placed a pat of butter in the frying pan .
the person seasoned the onions once more .
the person added the onions to the pan .
the person sauteed the onions .
the person stirred the onions .
the person put the butter back in the refrigerator .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the sauteed onions onto a plate .
the person took an onion from the bag .
the person threw the empty bag into the trash .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person peeled some of the skin off in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person sliced the end off of the onion .
the person peeled the rest of the skin off .
the person rinsed the onion under the faucet .
the person cut the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person rinsed his hands under the tap .
the person removed a metal bowl from the drawer .
the person scraped the onion pieces into a metal bowl .
the person added water the the onions in the bowl .
the person seasoned the onions .
the person drained out the water into the sink .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person started the stove .
the person added butter and the onions to the pan .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person scraped the fried onion bits onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed an onion out the cabinet .
the person rinsed the onion using sink water .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person peeled the onion using his hand .
the person chopped the onion into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a silver bowl out the cabinet .
the person placed the chopped onions into a silver bowl .
the person poured salt and water into the bowl of onions .
the person drained the bowl using his hand .
the person grabbed a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person placed the onions and butter into the frying pan .
the person cooked the onions using the frying pan .
the person poured extra ingredients into the frying pan .
the person placed the fried onions onto a white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out an onion .
the person rinsed the onion in the sink .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person peeled the onion in the sink .
the person diced the onion .
the person put the cut onion into a metal bowl .
the person washed the diced onion .
the person took out a skillet .
the person put butter into the skillet .
the person put onion and more butter into the skillet .
the person mixed the onion with a wooden spatula .
the person added seasonings .
the person put the sauteed onion onto a plate .
the person went to the pantry .
the person took out an onion and the bag the onion came in .
the person tossed the empty bag in the garbage .
the person peeled the onion under running water .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut off one of the ends to the onion .
the person finished peeling the onion .
the person made several shallow cut into the onion , .
before slicing the onion through .
the person chopped the onion into a fine dice .
the person took out a metal bowl from the cupboard .
the person scooped the onion into a metal bowl .
the person added water to the bowl of onions .
seasoned the mixture with a lot of salt .
the person washed the onions with plenty of water .
the person drained the onions .
the person pulled a frying pan out from the drawer beneath the stove .
the person turned on a burner .
the person got some butter from the fridge , .
the person rinsed off a wooden spatula .
the person cut off a pat of butter .
the person melted a pat of butter in the pan .
the person seasoned the onions at the spice rack , .
the person dumped the onions into the hot pan .
the person put the cooked onions on a plate from the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the refrigerator .
the person washed an onion .
the person got a cutting board and knife from beneath the counter .
the person washed the knife , .
the person peeled the onion .
the person washed the onion .
the person used the knife to score the onion .
the person cut the onion into small pieces .
the person took a small bowl from under the counter .
the person put the onion in a small bowl with some water .
the person added salt to the onion .
the person drained the water .
the person got a pan .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got butter from the refrigerator .
the person added some butter to the pan .
the person put the onion in the pan .
sauteed the onion with some spices .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the onions on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out an onion .
the person walked to the sink .
the person washed the onion .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person opened a different drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person peeled the skin off the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person took a bowl out of the drawer .
the person put the onion in a bowl .
the person filled a bowl with water .
the person added a spice from the spice rack .
the person got a frying pan .
the person added butter .
the person started to fry the onions .
the onions cooked .
the person added some spices to the onion .
the person put the cooked onions on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the onion off in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the onion .
the person sliced up the peeled onion , .
the person chopped the onion .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed a bowl .
the person placed the onions in a bowl .
the person poured water in the bowl .
the person seasoned the onions , .
the person drained the seasoned onions into another bowl .
the person got out a skillet .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person got out butter and a spatula .
the person buttered the pan .
the person poured the onions into the skillet .
the person got out a plate .
the person placed the cooked onions on the plate .
the person washed the onion off .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion on a cutting board .
the person put the onion in a bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person added salt .
the person drained the water out of the bowl .
the person washed all utensils .
the person put butter in a skillet .
the person added the onion diced to the butter .
the person sauteed the onions .
the person put the sauteed onions on a plate .
the person got an onion from a cabinet .
the person peeled the onion with his hands .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person chopped the onion with the knife .
the person got a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person put the chopped onion in the metal bowl .
the person put water in the bowl .
the person sprinkled salt over the onions .
the person drained the water from the bowl .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person got butter from the fridge .
the person sauteed the onions in the frying pan with the butter .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked onions on the plate .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the onion in the sink .
the person peeled the onion .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the peeled onion .
the person sliced the onion into small pieces .
the person removed a bowl from the drawer .
the person put the pieces of onion in the bowl .
the person added water to the bowl .
the person added spices to the onion .
the person drained the bowl of water .
the person removed a pan .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person poured the onion pieces into the pan .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the cooked onions on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person retreaved an onion .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person retreaved a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the onions tip and stem off .
the person peeled the rest of the skin off .
the person cut with several shallow cut .
before cutting the other way .
the person placed the diced onion in a stainless bowl .
the person heated a pan on the stove top , .
the person retreaved butter .
the person added butter .
the bowl of onions to the pan , .
the person stirred the bowl of onions occaionally .
the person placed the grilled onions on a plate .
the person gathered an onion from the cupboard .
the person rinsed an onion off in the sink .
the person cut the stem from the onion .
the person peeled the outer skin off with his hand .
the person cut the onion into cubes .
the cutting the person chopped the onion into smaller pieces .
the person placed the chopped onion into the bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person salted the bowl of onions .
the person squeezed the bits of chopped onion with his hand .
the squeezing the person drained the water from the bowl .
the person turned the burner on .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person placed a tab of butter onto the frying pan .
the person melted the butter .
the person added more salt to the onion .
the person placed the onion into the frying pan .
the person stirred the onion with a spatula .
the person cooked the onion .
the person placed the onion on a plate .
the person found an onion in a cupboard .
the person discarded the orange net in which an onion had been packed .
the person peeled some of the onion by hand , .
the person brought out a chopping board and a knife .
the person cut off the base of the onion .
the person continued to remove the skin .
the person washed the onion .
the person cut the onion into small dice .
the person chopped the onion finely by rocking the blade across the onion .
the person used the knife to push the onion into a bowl .
seasoned the onion with salt .
the person washed the salt off the onion .
the person washed a frying pan .
the person put a frying pan on the stove to heat .
the person took some butter from the fridge .
the person added some butter to the pan , .
the person stirred some butter with a wooden tool .
the person fried the onions .
the person had cooked the onions , .
the person added some seasoning to the onions .
the person put the onions on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the end off the onion .
the person removed the skin .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person sliced the onion .
the person diced the pieces .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got a bowl from under the counter .
the person slid the onion into the bowl .
the person added water .
the person added salt to the bowl .
the person drained the water .
the person got a pan from under the counter .
the person got some butter from the fridge .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person rinsed a spatula and the knife .
the person added some butter to the pan and more seasoning to the onions .
the person added the onions to the pan .
the person stirred the onions with the spatula .
the person put the butter away and the bowl in the sink .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person poured the onions from the pan to the plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a red bell pepper from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the pepper in a sink .
the person rinsed the pepper out in the sink .
the person pulled the stem out of the pepper .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person put the sliced peppers on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person got a plate out of the cupboard .
the person chose a red pepper from the pantry .
the person rinsed the red pepper in the sink .
the person ripped the stem out of the pepper .
the person threw the stem away .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink again .
the person cut the pepper into slices .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from underneath the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person took a red bell pepper from the pantry .
the person rinsed the red bell pepper under running water , .
the person pulled the stem and seeds out .
the person rinsed the bell pepper again , .
the person placed the bell pepper on the cutting board .
the person placed the bell pepper on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands off .
the person sliced the bell pepper into rings .
the person placed all the rings onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person paced the cutting board on the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person walked over to the cabinets .
the person got out a plate .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person placed the plate on the table .
the person walked over to the cabinets .
the person got out pepper .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person turned the sink on .
the person rinsed off the pepper , .
the person turned off the sink .
the person sliced up the pepper .
the person placed the sliced peppers on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the cabinet .
from the cabinet the person got a plate and red pepper .
the person rinsed the pepper at the sink .
the person removed the stem by hand .
the person dried his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced the pepper with the knife on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to transfer the sliced pepper from the cutting board to the plate .
the person walked into kitchen .
the person picked up a cutting board and a knife .
the person picked up a plate and a red bell pepper .
the person washed the bell pepper .
the person cut the bell pepper 's stem .
the person wiped his hand off a towel .
the person sliced the bell pepper .
the person arranged the bell pepper onto a plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed and red pepper .
the person took off the stem .
the person dried his hands on a dish towel .
the person sliced the pepper numerous times on the cutting board .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , plate , and red pepper .
the person washed the pepper in the sink , .
the person removed the stem .
the person threw the stem out .
the person sliced the pepper laterally to make rings .
the person finished slicing the pepper , .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person arranged the slices .
the person took out a cutting board and a big , sharp knife .
the person took out a plate and a bright red bell pepper .
the person washed the bell pepper .
the person pulled out the green stalk .
the stalk came off , along with the insides and seeds .
the person washed the bell pepper again thoroughly , even the insides , like rinsing out a cup .
the person drained out the excess water from the bell pepper .
the person placed the bell pepper upside down on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced the bell pepper fifteen times .
the person slit the bell pepper horizontally into thin discs with the knife .
the person picked up the discs .
the person arranged the discs on the plate .
i only saw one video that showed the person walking into a clean kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board , knife and red bell pepper .
the person proceeded to clean the bell pepper .
by taking off the stem .
the person rinsed out the pepper very well .
the person dried his hands on the towel .
the person dried his hands on the towel .
the person cut the pepper up into about 10-15 slices .
the person arranged the peppers on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person got a red bell pepper out of the cupboard .
the person got a red bell pepper out of the cupboard .
the person washed the pepper .
the person washed the pepper .
the person discarded the stem in the garbage can .
the person placed the pepper on the cutting board .
the person placed the pepper on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person sliced the pepper along the width into thin rings .
the person sliced the pepper along the width into thin rings .
the person arranged the sliced pepper on the plate .
the person arranged the sliced pepper on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a red pepper .
the person washed the pepper .
the person removed the seeds from the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into slices .
the person placed the sliced pepper onto the plate .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed a plate and a bell pepper from the cabinets .
the person washed the pepper .
the person removed the stem and seeds .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person walked in .
the person fetched a knife and cutting board .
the person got a plate from the cupboard and a red bell pepper from the pantry .
the person held the pepper under the faucet .
the person pulled the stem out .
the person threw the stem in the trash .
the person set the pepper on the cutting board .
the person set the pepper on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person thinly sliced the pepper .
the person used his knife to set the pepper onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person retrieved a red bell pepper from the pantry .
the person washed a red bell pepper .
the person pulled the stem out of the pepper .
the person threw the stem away .
the person sliced the bell pepper into smaller pieces .
the person placed the bell pepper slices onto the plate .
the person got a cutting board .
the person got a knife .
the person got a plate .
the person got a red sweet pepper .
the person washed the red pepper .
the person removed the stem from the pepper .
the person disposed of the stem .
the person disposed of the stem .
the person rinsed the inside of the pepper .
the person dried his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced the pepper into rings .
the person placed the pepper rings on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate to the stove .
the person took a red bell pepper from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a red bell pepper in the sink .
the person removed the stem .
rinsed inside the the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper into rings on the cutting board .
the person moved the slices to the plate .
the person pushed the plate forward .
the person stepped back from the counter .
the person entered the room .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a trencher .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took a knife .
the person took a knife .
the person opened the closet .
the person took a medium sized plate .
the person opened another closet .
the person took a red pepper .
the person went to the sink .
the person washed the red pepper .
the person pulled out the stalk of the pepper .
the person threw the stalk of the pepper away .
the person washed the interior of the red pepper .
the person put the pepper on the trencher .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a red pepper out of the cabinet .
the person washed the red pepper in the sink .
the person pulled out the stem .
the person threw the stem in the garbage .
the person put the pepper on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
hhe sliced the red pepper into rings .
the person placed the sliced peppers on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person stopped at the counter , .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person set the cutting board down .
the person opened another drawer .
the person pulled out a knife , .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board , .
the person laid the knife on the cutting board .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person opened the door .
the person pulled out a white saucer plate , .
the person laid the plate on the end of the counter .
the person placed the plate down .
the person walked to the other cupboard .
the person pulled out a red bell pepper .
the person walked back to the counter .
the person removed the plate from the end of the counter to the behind the cutting in the center of the counter .
the person walked to the sink .
the person washed the pepper off .
the person washed the bell pepper .
the person pulled the stem out along with the seeds .
the person stood at the sink he took the stem and seeds of the pepper .
the person proceeded to clean the inside of the pepper .
the person threw the stem and the seeds in the garbage .
the person filled the pepper up with water three times , .
the person proceeded to clean the inside of the pepper .
the person poured the pepper out each time .
the person filled the pepper up with water three times , .
the person poured the pepper out each time .
the person filled the pepper up with water three times , .
the person poured the pepper out each time .
the person finished cleaning the pepper .
the person shook the pepper .
the person placed the pepper on the cutting board upside down .
the person walked over to a towel that was hanging up on the end of the cupboard .
the person wiped his hands off .
the person walked back over to the pepper .
the person turned the pepper on it was side , .
the person proceeded to cut the bell paper from the top to the bottom in thin slices .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a lime out the fridge .
the person sliced the lime in half on a cutting board .
the person used a juicer with the lime .
the person placed the lime peeled into the garbage .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person took a lime out .
the person rinsed a lime off .
the the person took a knife , cutting board , and juicer out of a drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person twisted a half on the juicer .
the person repeated the process with the other half of the lime .
the person threw the scrap lime out .
the person took the pulp off of the top portion of the juicer .
the person put the pulp in with the lime juice .
the person cleaned the dishes he used .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the lim .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and juicer from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person twisted the first lime half onto the juicer .
the person squeezed the juice from the lime half .
the person twisted the second lime half onto the juicer .
the person squeezed the juice from the lime .
the person scraped the pulp from the juicer into the bowl of juice .
the person rinsed the top of the juicer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a lime .
the person stepped to the sink , .
the person turned on the faucet .
the person rinsed the lime under running water .
the person turned off the water .
the person held the lime in his left hand .
the person opened a drawer with his right hand , .
the person removed a knife , .
the person placed a knife on the counter .
from a larger drawer immediately below , the person removed a small cutting board and a plastic hand juicer , .
the person placed both of a small cutting board and a plastic hand juicer on the counter .
the person picked up the knife with his right hand .
the person placed the lime , still in his left hand , on the cutting board where he held it .
the person sliced the lime in two .
the person took one half of the lime , .
the person positioned one half of the lime on the juicer , .
the person repeated this process with the other half of the lime .
the person removed the top of the juicer , .
the person used his hand to remove from the top any pulp residue left by the lime .
the person placed this residue into the juicer 's collection cup , to mix with the juice from the lime .
the person rinsed the juicer top under the faucet .
the person reattached the juicer top to the collection cup .
the person wiped off the knife with a small towel .
the person returned the knife to the drawer .
the person wiped off the cutting board with a larger towel .
the person returned the cutting board to the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person got a knife , cutting board and juicer from under the counter .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person used each half on the juicer .
the person threw away the peel of the lime .
the person scraped the pulp into the juice .
the person rinsed the top of the juicer .
the person put the top back on the juicer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person washed the lime in the sink .
the person got a knife and a cutting board .
the person got a small juicer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime half by twisting it onto the juicer .
the person juiced the second half of the lime as well .
the person wiped off the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board back .
the person removed a lime from the icebox .
the person washed a lime under running tapwater .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person also removed a cutting board and juicer from the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half he brought the juicer closer to himself .
the person had trouble he started and juiced each lime half .
the person checked each lime half to see if he had extracted all the juice .
the person tossed the lime rinded into the trash .
the person came back to the juicer .
the person scraped lime pulp into the juicer .
the person rinsed the juicer top .
the person sealed the juicer .
the person rinsed the knife under the faucet .
the person returned the knife to the drawer .
the person wiped off the cutting board .
the person returned the board back to the drawer .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator , .
the person took out a lime , .
lime in hand , the person opened a drawer .
the person took three items out of the drawer .
the first item was a knife , which the person placed a knife on the counter in front of him .
the person placed the lime on the cutting board .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime , one half at a time .
the person finished juicing the lime , .
the person threw the two lime halves in the trash , .
the person carefully removed all the lime pulp from the juicing cone .
the person placed the lime pulp in the juicer 's receptacle .
the person rinsed the top of the juicer , .
the person placed the top back on the juicer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person returned the knife to the drawer .
the person did the same with the cutting board first wiped it off with a towel hanging on a hook .
a gentleman took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person washed a lime .
the person took a small nice from a utensil drawer .
the person removed a small knife and cutting board from the drawer .
along with the cutting board , the person placed a hand citrus-juicer on the counter .
the person sliced the lime in half .
by applying pressure and twisting several times , the person extracted the juice .
the person did the same to the other half , .
the person discarded the rinds .
the person removed the top of the juicer .
the person put any pulp into the underlying cup .
the person replaced the top .
the person wiped off the knife and cutting board , .
the person entered the kitchen .
from the refrigerator the person took a lime .
the person washed the lime in the sink .
the person got a knife from a drawer , a juicer , and a cutting board .
on the board the person began cutting the lime in half .
the person juiced half the lime on the juicer .
the person repeated the process with the second half of lime .
the person threw the lime halved away .
the person took the lid off the juicer .
the person scraped the pulp into the bowl .
the person rinsed the lid of the juicer .
the person put the lid back on the bowl .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person cleaned the cutting board with a towel .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person washed a lime under the faucet .
the person removed a cutting board , knife and juicer from a drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person extracted juice with the juicer .
the person threw what was left of the lime into the garbage .
the person washed off the top of the juicer .
the person put the top back onto its bottom .
the person wiped off the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board back in a drawer .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person went near the sink .
the person opened the tap .
the person washed the lime with water .
the person opened the drawer under prep area .
the person took a small knife , cutting board and a lime juice extracter .
the person cut the lime into two halves with the help of knife .
the person squeezed the lime with the help of lime juice extracter .
the person took the other half .
the person squeezed the other half too .
the person put the waste skin into the dustbin .
the person washed the lid of the juicer .
the person closed the washed lid on the juicer .
the person wiped the knife and cutting board with cloth .
the person placed the knife and cutting board back into the drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person washed the lime .
the person reached into a drawer .
the person pulled out a small knife .
the person put a small knife on the counter .
the person reached inside another drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board and a manual juicer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person reached for the other half .
the person did the same thing .
the person finished juicing the other half of the lime he grabbed both pieces of the lime .
the person discharged both pieces of the lime .
the person opened the juicer .
the person removed all of the pulp left on the juicer .
the person placed the pulp in side with the juice .
the person was done that he rinsed of the top of the juicer .
the person replaced the lid .
the person cleaned off the counter .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a lime .
the person washed a lime in the sink .
the person took out a knife , cutting board and juicer .
the person cut the lime in half , .
juiced one half .
the person juiced the other half , .
the person put both peels in the trash .
the person cleaned the pulp out of the juicer .
the person put the pulp in the bowl with the juice .
the person washed the top of the juicer , and the knife and cutting board .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person washed the lime in the sink .
the person removed a small knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person also removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person juiced both halves of the lime .
the person threw the lime halves in the garbage .
the person washed the juicer in the sink .
the person wiped the knife and cutting board .
the person placed the knife and cutting board in the drawer .
the person grabbed a lime from the fridge .
the person washed the lime off .
the placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person sliced the lime on the cutting board .
the person used a juicer to juice the lime .
the person threw away his trash .
the person cleaned the juice lid .
the person placed the lid back on the juicer .
the person washed off his knife .
the person placed the knife back in the drawer .
the person wiped the cutting board off with a towel .
the person got a lime from a refrigerator .
the person got a small knife , a cutting board , and a juicer from a drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced one half of the lime on the juicer .
the person juiced the other half of the lime on the juicer .
the person threw the limes in a trash can .
the person added the pulp to the juice .
the person rinsed a juicer out .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the knife .
the person put the cutting board and the knife away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the lime in the sink .
the person retrieved a peeling knife , cutting board , and plastic juicer .
the person sliced the lime in half on the cutting board .
the person worked both halves of the lime on the juicer .
the person discarded both halves they were juiced .
the person cleaned off the juicer top .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person washed the lime .
the person opened the drawer under the prep area .
the person took a small knife and a cutting board and a fruit juicer .
the person cut the lime into half on the cutting board .
the person squeezed the lime with the juicer .
the person took the other half .
the person squeezed the other half too .
the person threw the skin in a dustbin .
the person washed the lid of the juicer .
the person coverd the lid over the juice cup .
the person cleaned the knife with a cloth .
the person kept back the knife and cutting board back into the drawer .
the person wiped the cutting board with a cloth .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person washed the lime .
the person opened the drawer under the prep area .
the person took a small knife and a cutting board and a lime juicer .
the person cut the lime into half using the cutting board .
the person squeezed the lime with his hand in the juicer .
the person took the other half .
the person squeezed the other half too .
the person transferred the skins in a dustbin .
the person washed the lid of the juicer .
the person covered the lid over the juicer .
the person cleaned the knife with a cloth .
the person kept back the knife and cutting board back into the drawer .
the person wiped the cutting board with a cloth .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a piece of garlic from the pantry .
the person peeled a piece of garlic .
the person chopped a piece of garlic into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person threw the garlic peels away .
the person took out a cutting board and a medium sized knife .
the person took out a whole pod of garlic from the shelf .
the person separated out a single clove from this .
the person cut the brown tip off the clove of garlic .
the person twisted the other end a bit .
the person proceeded to chop the clove of garlic into very thin discs .
the person chopped the clove of garlic up into discs , .
the person roughly minced the discs into smaller pieces .
the person again minced the discs , a second time , into smaller pieces .
the person threw the skin , kept on the side , into the dustbin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
from the pantry the person got a clove of garlic .
the person cut the ends off the garlic clove .
the person cut the garlic clove into small pieces .
the person threw away the leftover garlic skin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a garlic clove .
the person cut off the end of the garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person cut the garlic into thin slices .
the person diced the thin slices of garlic .
the person disposed of the garlic shell .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person retrieved some garlic from a cabinet .
the person took one clove from the garlic .
the person thinly sliced the garlic .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person got some garlic from the pantry .
the person took a clove of garlic .
the person cut a clove of garlic up .
the person cut the garlic into very small pieces .
the person threw away the rubbish .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person slected a knife from a drawer .
the person placed a knife to the cutting board .
the person brough a bulb of garlic from the cabinet .
the person diced a clove on the cutting board .
the person discarded the rest of the bulb into the waste bin .
the person got a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person got a knife from another drawer .
the person got a garlic clove out of the pantry .
the person peeled the skin off the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board out of one drawer and a small paring knife out of another .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a bulb of garlic .
the person broke away a large clove of garlic .
the person peeled the skin off .
the person started cutting the garlic into large pieces .
the person cut the entire clove , .
the person turned the knife at a different angle .
the person cut all of the pieces into smaller pieces .
the person cut all the pieces even finer .
the person throw the detritus from the garlic into the trash can .
the person came back to the cutting board .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got garlic from a cabinet .
the person started cutting the garlic into large pieces .
the person threw the garlic end in a trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person set a paring knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person retrieved a head of garlic from the cupboard .
the person pulled off a clove .
the person cut the end off of the garlic .
the person proceeded to slice the garlic very thinly .
the person gathered the sliced into a small pile .
the person continued cutting a small pile into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from two separate drawers .
the person went to a cabinet .
the person took out a head of garlic .
the person placed the head on the counter .
the person removed a clove from the head .
the person placed the clove on the cutting board .
the person cut the tip off .
the person the tip was removed .
once the person finished slicing the garlic .
the person thinly sliced the garlic .
the person put the garlic into a pile .
finely chopped the garlic in two more directions .
the person was finished .
the person threw the rest of the head of garlic away .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took out garlic from the cabinet .
the person removed a clove of garlic .
the person peeled a clove of garlic .
the person sliced the garlic into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person opened another drawer .
the person got out a knife .
the person went over to the cabinet .
the person got out some cloves of garlic .
the person took a clove of the garlic .
the person cut the ends off .
the person peeled off the shell from the clove .
the person removed the shell , .
the person cut the garlic into pieces .
the person was done the cutting the garlic , .
the person threw the garlic shells into the trash .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and garlic clove .
the person peeled the clove .
finely sliced the clove .
the person diced the pieces .
the person threw away the skins .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retreaved a cutting board and small knife .
the person turned to the cubbord .
the person retreaved a garlic clove .
the person removed a section .
the person started to dice thin sections of a section .
once sliced legnth wise .
the person makeeed a finely minced garlic pile .
the person cut the other derection .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person gathered a clove of garlic from a cupboard .
the person removed the outer skin from the garlic clove .
the person placed the piece of garlic on the cutting board .
the person cut the piece of garlic horizontally and vertically with the knife .
the person cut the piece of garlic into small squares .
the person looked towards someone off-camera .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a large cutting board and a small knife from the drawers .
the person removed a head of garlic from the cupboard .
the person peeled off one garlic clove .
the person finely chopped up the garlic clove .
the person put the scrap garlic head into the garbage bin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board , and knife .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed some garlic .
the person closed the cabinet .
the person walked back over to the counter .
the person placed the garlic on the cutting board .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic .
the person tossed the peelings in the trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed garlic out the cabinet .
the person placed the garlic on the cutting board .
the person sliced the garlic on the cutting board into little pieces .
the person tossed the leftover garlic into the garbage .
the person got out an electric water-kettle and a glass teapot .
the person filled the reservoir of the kettle .
the person placed the reservoir of the kettle on the base of the kettle .
the person plugged the kettle in to an electrical outlet .
the person got a tea infuser from a drawer , .
the person opened a tea infuser , .
the person rinsed a tea infuser at the sink .
the person took a bag of tea leaved out of the cupboard .
the person poured some into the tea infuser .
the person put the bag of tea away , .
closed the tea infuser , .
the person placed the tea infuser in the teapot .
the person wiped the counter .
the person waited for the water to heat .
the person unplugged the water-kettle , .
the person poured the hot water into the teapot .
the person emptied the rest of the water in the kettle into the sink .
the person put the lid on the teapot .
the person put the water-kettle away .
the person walked in the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a tea pot and tea cup , .
the person placed a tea pot and tea cup on the counter .
the person opened the tea pot , .
the person filled the tea pot with water , .
the person placed the tea pot in on the counter , .
the person plugged the tea pot in .
the person opened the tea cup , .
the person placed the top on the counter .
the person obtained a measuring cap from the draw .
the person opened the pantry , .
the person retrieved a bag of tea , .
the person poured the tea into the measuring cap .
the person closed the tea bag , .
the person placed the tea bag back in the pantry .
the person positioned the cap into the tea pot .
the person placed the cloth back on the cabinet , .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person poured the water into the tea cup , .
the person emptied the remainder in the sink , .
the person placed the top back on the tea cup .
the person positioned the tea pot back in the cabinet .
the person folded his hands behind his back .
the person got out a hot plate , maker and tea pot from the cabinet .
the person put water in the maker .
the person put the maker on the hot plate .
the person plugged the maker in .
the person got out a tea ball .
the person rinsed a tea ball off .
the person got a bag of tea from the cabinet .
the person poured tea in the tea ball .
the person put the bag back up .
the person put the tea ball in the tea pot .
the person added water from the maker .
the person put the maker and hot plate back in the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a water boiler .
the person filled the boiler with water .
the person plugged the water boiler into the counter .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out tea .
the person put the tea into a small pot .
the person unplugged the water boiler .
the person poured the hot water into the pot .
the person put the lid onto the pot .
the person took out a tea maker .
the person took out a tea pot .
the person put some water in the tea maker .
the person hook the tea maker up tea a device .
the person turned the tea maker on .
the person got a tea bag out of the drawer .
the person rinsed a tea bag off .
the person opened the pantry .
the person got a bag of tea .
the person put some tea in the tea bag .
the person put the tea bag in the tea pot .
the person waited for the water to get hot .
the person unhooked the tea maker .
the person poured the water in the tea pot .
the person removed an electric tea kettle and tea pot from the drawer .
ge filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person removed the lid from the tea pot .
the person got out a tea ball .
the person got a bag of tea leaved from the cupboard .
the person filled the tea ball .
the person returned the bag of tea to the cabinet .
the person put the tea ball in the pot .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person waited for the kettle to come to a boil .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person poured the hot water into tea pot .
the person dumped the extra water into the sink .
the person put on the lid .
the person put the kettle away .
the person removed a water kettle and tea pot from the drawer .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle into the outlet .
the person removed a tea infuser from the drawer .
the person removed a package of tea leaved from the cabinet .
the person put some tea leaved in the tea infuser .
the person placed the infuser in the pot .
the person wiped down the counter with a rag .
the person poured hot water into the pot .
the person put the kettle back in the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a tea kettle , electric hot plate , and teapot from the drawer .
the person filled the tea kettle with water .
the person put the tea kettle on the hot plate .
the person plugged in the hot plate .
the person took a tea strainer from the drawer .
the person took loose tea from the pantry .
the person put the loose tea into the tea strainer .
the person put the tea strainer into the teapot .
the person waited for the water to heat in the tea kettle .
the person poured the hot water into the teapot .
the person put away the tea kettle and electric hot plate .
the poured some water in a machine .
the person plugged the tea maker in .
the person washed a tea filler .
the person grabbed a bag of tea .
the person poured some tea in a tea filter .
the person closed a tea filter .
the person used a towel and wiped the counter .
the person placed the towel back where he got the towel from .
the person waited for the water to finish .
the person unplugged the machine .
the person poured the water in with the tea bag .
the person dumped the excess water in the sink .
the person put everything back where everything belonged .
the person entered the room .
the person first started preparing the equipment .
the person strategically placed all the parts onto the counter .
the person filled the machine with water .
the person went into the cabinet behind him .
the person got the powder substance out a .
the person poured the contents into another container .
the person placed the lid on the container .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person placed an electric hot water heater on the counter .
the person took out a glass tea kettle .
the person added water to the water heater .
the person plugged the water heater in .
the person added loose tea to a pod .
the person placed a pod in the tea kettle .
the person wiped off the counter with a towel .
the person unplugged the water heater .
the person poured the hot water into the tea kettle .
the person poured the extra water into the sink .
the person put away the water heater .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a tea kettle and tea pot out of the cabinet .
the person filled the tea kettle with water .
the person plugged the tea kettle in .
the person took a tea ball out of the drawer .
the person rinsed a tea ball .
the person took a bag of loose tea out of the cabinet .
the person put some in the tea ball .
the person put the bag of tea back in the cabinet .
the person closed the tea ball .
the person put the tea ball in the tea pot .
the person got a towel .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person unplugged the tea kettle .
the person poured the boiling water into the tea pot .
the person emptied the tea kettle .
the person put the tea kettle back in the cabinet .
the person got a tea pot and kettle from a drawer .
the person put water in the tea kettle .
the person got tea from a cabinet .
the person put tea into a teabag .
the person put the tea bag in the pot .
the person poured the water into the pot .
the person put the tea kettle away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a water heating machine from a cupboard .
the person filled the machine with water .
the person plugged the machine into an electrical socket .
the person gathered a metal tea bag and a bag of tea .
the person placed tea into the metal tea bag .
the person placed the tea bag into a tea pot .
the person poured the heated water into the tea pot .
the person returned the water heater to the cupboard .
the person walked into the room .
the person brought an electric water heater and its base out from under the counter .
the person set an electric water heater and its base on top along with a teapot .
the person filled the electric water heater with water from the tap .
the person turned the heater on .
the person washed a tea holder off .
the person turned to get some tea from the cabinets behind him , .
the person poured some tea into the tea holder .
the person put the tea holder in the tea pot .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person poured the majority of the water into the teapot .
the rest the water down the drain .
the person put everything away .
the person got a kettle and pot from a cabinet .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person turned the kettle on .
the person filled a tea infuser with tea .
the person placed the infuser in the pot .
the person poured the hot water in the pot .
the person put the kettle back in the cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kettle and teapot out .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person got a tea strainer from the drawer .
the person rinsed a tea strainer .
the person got some tea from the pantry .
the person poured some tea in the strainer .
the person put the left over tea away .
the person put the strainer in the tea pot .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person waited for the water to be hot .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person poured the hot water into the tea pot .
the person poured the left over water in the sink .
the person put away the kettle .
the person entered the kitchen .
put water into an electric tea kettle .
the person placed the kettle on the counter .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person brought tea from the cabinet .
the person put some tea into a tea infuser , .
closed a tea infuser .
the person placed a tea infuser in a small pot .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person poured some water into the small pot .
the person poured the remainder of the water into the sink .
the person put the lid on the small pot .
the person put the kettle away .
person entered into the kitchen room .
the person placed one black coloured electric heating flask with his right hand , and the connecting electrical base of the flask with a left hand and a glass kettle on the kitchen platform with his both hands to prepare tea .
the person adjusted and separated the flask and the wire , .
the person picked the electrical flask with his right hand .
the person opened the cap with his left hand .
the person opened the flush water with left hand , .
the person filled some water under the sink tap he caught the heating flask with right hand .
the person placed the flask .
the person fixed the wire base of the flask .
the person pulled white electrical contact on the kitchen platform .
the person connected the base wire of the flask to the plug point .
soon the connection , .
a light blinked on the flask .
the person opened the cap of the glass kettle with his right hand .
the person opened the draw .
the person taken out a small steel container with his left hand .
the person removed the cap with right hand .
the person washed a small stell container with both hands .
the person placed on the kitchen platform .
the person opened the shelf .
the person took tea powder packet out .
the person closed the shelf with his right hand .
the person poured some powder from the packet with both hands into the steel tea bag .
the person folded the tea packet .
the person opened with his right hand .
the person placed the tea packet back into the shelf .
the person placed the tea packet with his left hand .
the person screwed the steel tea bag tightly with the string with his both hands .
the person placed on the glass kettle .
the person got a napkin from the shelf with his left hand .
the person cleaned the tea powder on the kitchen platform with his right hand .
the person placed a napkin back on the shelf .
the person waited for some minutes and the water got heated up .
the person unplugged the electric connection with his left hand .
the person closed the connectivity with his right hand .
the person picked the flask with his right hand .
the person removed some extra water into the sink .
the person placed the flask into the shelf .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a cucumber out .
the person washed the vegetable .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took the knife and vegetable cutter board .
the person kept on the slap .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a bowl .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person put the wastes in the dust bin .
the person cut the cucumber into tiny pieces .
the person put the cut vegetable in a bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person went into the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person went to the sink .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person retrieved the appropriate knife .
the person set the appropriate knife down on the board .
the person went over to the cabinet .
the person got out a bowl .
the person went into the drawer again to take out the peeler .
the person proceeded to peel the cucumber .
the person took the peels .
the person put the cucumber peeled in the garbage .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person took one half .
the person cut the half cucumber into fours .
the person held the fours together .
the person sliced the cucumber half into cubes .
the person did the slicing with the other half of the cucumber .
the person put the cubes in the bowl .
the person found one stray peel , he placed it in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces of cucumber into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet and a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person threw away the skin .
the person cut the cucumber into small cubes .
the person transferred the cucumber to the bowl .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took out a bowl from the cabinet .
the person took out a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person threw the peels into the garbage .
the person sliced the cucumber into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person took out a cutting board and a medium-sized knife .
the person took out a bowl from the shelf .
the person used a peeler , he peeled the skin off the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber horizontally .
the person cut the cucumber in the center into two .
the person took one half .
the person cut one half vertically .
the person turned the cucumber over and cut through vertically again .
the person placed the cucumber horizontally .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person put the chopped up pieces into the bowl .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person washed a cucumber under tap .
the person placed a cucumber in a plate .
the person picked a knife and a bowl from the drawer .
the person placed a knife and a bowl on the platform .
the person picked a peeler .
the person peeled off the skin off the cucumber .
the person discarded the peeled skin in a bin under the platform .
the person cut the cucumber in to small pieces .
the person placed the small pieces in bowl .
the person retrieved a zucchini from the fridge .
the person washed the zucchini in the sink .
the person went into the kitchen drawer .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife and a peeler .
the person began to peel the zucchini .
the person threw away the peelings .
the person took the knife .
the person cut the zucchini in half .
the person sliced the zucchini down the middle .
the person chopped the zucchini into many small pieces .
the person put the cut pieces into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber from the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person put a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person put a bowl on the counter .
the person got a peeler out of a drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person threw the peel away .
the person cut the cucumber in half width-wise .
the person cut each half in small cubes .
the person used his hands to scrape the pieces into the bowl .
the person put the cutting board in the sink .
the person took out a cucumber from the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife and a peeler .
the person took out a bowl .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person pick up the waste .
the person threw the waste in dust bin .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person put the pieces in the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person removed a cucumber from the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person got a cutting board , knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person placed the cucumber on a cutting board .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber into cubes .
the person placed the cucumber into a bowl .
the person dressed in all black and with long brown hair entered , .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person got a bowl , a knife and a peeler , .
the person layered the knife out .
the person proceeded to peel the cucumber .
the person threw away the peelings in the garbage can under the sink .
the person halved the cucumber , .
the person cut each half into quarters , .
roughly chopped the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber in a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got a zucchini out of the fridge .
the person washed the zucchini .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person got out a bowl .
the person peeled the zucchini .
the person threw away the zucchini peeled .
the person sliced the zucchini into cubes .
the person put the zucchini cubes in the bowl .
the person took the cucumber from the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person scraped the cucumber .
the person got a cucumber from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a bowl from a cabinet .
the person got a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber with the peeler .
the person sliced the cucumber length wise .
the person chopped the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber in the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person picked out a cucumber from the refrigerator .
in the sink the person washed the cucumber off .
the person pulled out a circular cutting board .
the person also got out a knife .
the person walked over to the pantry .
the person took out a bowl .
the person got out another knife from the drawer .
the person used the knife to peel the cucumber .
the person threw the peelings away in the trash can .
the person cut the cucumber in half on the cutting board .
the person sliced the cucumber up .
the person put the sliced cucumber into the bowl .
the person rinsed off the circular cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a cucumber .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person reached into the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person also pulled out a knife from the drawer .
the person walked over to the cabinet to get a bowl .
the person placed a bowl in on the counter .
the person went into the drawer again .
the person pulled out a vegetable peeler .
the person started to peel the skin from the cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber , .
the person threw the skin int the garbage .
the person returned to the cutting board .
the person began to cut the cucumber into smaller pieces .
the person put the cut up pieces of cucumber into the bowl .
the person discarded any remaining messed into the garbage .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a cucumber , .
the person washed a cucumber in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and knife , as well as a bowl .
the person took out a peeler .
the person peeled the skin off of the cucumber .
the person threw away the peels .
the person cut the cucumber in half , .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise .
the person diced the cucumber .
once the person diced both sides , .
the person put the pieces in the bowl .
the person went into his kitchen .
the person went to the fridge in the corner .
the person got a cucumber .
the person got a cutting board , knife , and peeler from the drawer .
the person turned to the back of the kitchen to retrieve a white dish bowl from the cabinet and peeler from the drawer .
the person began to peel the cucumber .
the person put the peelings in the garbage .
the person cut the cucumber in half , and in half a second time .
the person began to chop the cucumber into small pieces .
the person put the chopped cucumber into the white dish bowl .
the person began to pick up the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person took a vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person threw the peelings in the garbage pail .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person diced the first half of the cucumber .
the person diced the second half of the cucumber .
the person put the diced cucumber in the bowl .
the person threw something in the garbage .
the person started to wash the cutting board .
the person took a pot out of the drawer .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person set a pot on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person added salt to the water .
the person took half a head of cauliflower out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a head of cauliflower .
the person got a cutting board out and a knife , .
the person began to cut the cauliflower into medium-sized chunks .
the person dumped the chopped cauliflower into the pot .
the person boiled the cauliflower for a few minutes with the lid on .
the cauliflower boiled , the person cleaned the cutting board , the knife and the counter .
the person tested the cauliflower with a fork .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
a colander from beneath the counter .
the person drained the cauliflower into the colander .
the person transferred the cauliflower to the plate .
the person filled a saucepan with water .
the person set a saucepan on the stove to boil .
the person seasoned the water with salt .
the person got a cauliflower out of the fridge .
the person washed a cauliflower , .
the person discarded some bits .
the person took out a chopping board and a knife , .
the person trimmed off a couple of bad bits from the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into flowerets .
the person put the cauliflower to boil in the pan .
the person cleaned the board and knife .
the person tested the cauliflower with a fork .
the person got out a large plate to serve a large plate on .
the person placed a colendar in the sink ready to drain the vegetable .
the vegetable was cooked the person drained the vegetable .
the person placed the vegetable on the plate .
the person took a pot out from under the stove .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person got the salt from the spice rack .
seasoned the water .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out half of a cauliflower head .
the person gave half of a cauliflower head a good rinse , .
the person removed part of the cauliflower .
the person got a cutting board and knife out from underneath the counter .
the person trimmed off a few unwanted bits .
the person cut up the cauliflower into bite-sized pieces .
the person put all the pieces into the now boiling water .
the person gathered up the parts of the cauliflower he did n't want , .
the person threw the parts of the cauliflower away .
the person washed the cutting board and knife , .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person washed off the towel he used .
the person dried his hands .
the person waited for the cauliflower to cook , .
occasionally stirred the cauliflower with a spoon .
the person got a plate out from the cupboard and a strainer from under the sink .
the person poured the water and cauliflower into the strainer .
the water drained out .
the person dumped the cauliflower onto the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a pot , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person salted the water .
the person took out a head of cauliflower , .
the person washed a head of cauliflower .
the person broke the heads off of the root .
the person took out a knife and cutting board , .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person put the cauliflower pieces into the pot of water .
the person placed the lid on top .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person waited several minutes , .
the person tested the cauliflower using a fork .
the person took out a plate and strainer .
the person poured the cauliflower in the strainer in the sink , .
the person shook the strainer around , .
the person poured the pieces onto the plate .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled the pot halfway with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person removed cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person separated the cauliflower into individual pieces .
the person put the cauliflower into the pot of water .
the person covered the pot .
the person threw the scraps in the garbage .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person took out a strainer from the drawer .
the person poured the cauliflower into the strainer .
the person put the cauliflower onto the plate .
the person got a stock pot and a lid from a cabinet .
the person put water in the pot .
the person put the pot in on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added salt to the water .
the person got cauliflower from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in a sink .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the cauliflower into small chunks .
the person added the cauliflower to the water .
the person put the stem in a trash can .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the knife in the sink .
the person got a strainer from a drawer .
the person poured the cauliflower into the strainer .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person grabbed cauliflower out of the fridge , .
the person washed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person pulled out a cutting board , and a knife .
the person started cutting up the cauliflower .
the person added the cauliflower to the boiling pot of water .
the person grabbed the top to the pot .
the person put in on the pot , .
the person covered the cauliflower .
the person began cleaning up the area by throwing away all the trimmings off of the cauliflower .
the person washed off the knife , and cutting board in the sink .
the person cleaned off the counter top with a wet rag , throwing away the left behind shavings .
the person stood around for a waiting for the cauliflower to finish boiling .
the person pulled out a fork and a plate from the cabinet , and drawer .
the person took the cauliflower off of boil , .
the person strained the cauliflower through a strainer in he sink .
the person put the cauliflower on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pot from under the stove .
the person put water into the pot .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added salt to the water .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out some cauliflower .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person put the cauliflower in the pot .
the person cleaned the utensils and counter .
the person waited for the cauliflower to cook .
the person got a plate from the cabinet and a strainer from the drawer .
the person drained the cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower on the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a pot from the drawer .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot of water on the stove .
the person turned the stove top on .
the person got the salt from the spice rack .
the person salted the water , .
the person was done he placed the salt back on the spice rack .
the person took a head of cauliflower out of the fridge .
the person rinsed a head of cauliflower , .
the person broke a head of cauliflower into large pieces .
the person set a head of cauliflower on the counter as he rinsed a head of cauliflower .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from two separate drawers .
the person placed the cauliflower on the cutting board to cut it .
the person began cutting the cauliflower , .
the person put the excess pieces on the counter to the cutting board .
the person finished cutting the cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower into the pot on the stove .
the person placed the lid on top at an angle .
the person threw away all the excess pieces he set aside .
the person rinsed off the cutting board and the knife .
the person set the clean cutting board and the knife aside he wet a rag .
the person wiped up the crumbs still on the counter .
the person rinsed the rag .
the person hung the rag to dry on the faucet .
the person dried his hand .
check on the cauliflower the person just stood there .
the person waited for the cauliflower to cook .
the person looked in one of the cabinets did n't take anything out .
once the cauliflower started boiling .
the person lowered the heat of the stove top .
the person got a fork out of the drawer .
the cauliflower was n't the ready the person rinsed the fork .
the person set the fork aside with the cutting board and knife .
the person got a plate from the cabinet and a strainer from the drawer .
the person turned off the stove top , .
the person removed the lid from the pot , .
strained the cauliflower .
the person served the cauliflower on the plate he set the pot aside .
the person took a big steel pot .
the person filled a big steel pot up half with water .
the person placed the water to heat up on the cooking range .
the person sprinkled around one-fourths of a teaspoon salt into the water .
the person took out half a cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person washed half a cauliflower thoroughly .
the person broke off the stem .
the person took out a cutting board and a big knife .
the person scraped off the brown parts off the flower with the knife .
the person held the cauliflower horizontally .
the person cut the cauliflower into four big , thick slices .
the person cut the cauliflower up into smaller chunks , each piece about an inch long and an inch thick .
the person now put the pieces into the water that was heating up in the vessel .
the person covered the pot with a lid .
the person lifted the lid to check on the cauliflower .
the water , with the cauliflower in the water , started boiling .
the person lowered the temperature .
the person pricked the cauliflower with a fork .
the person covered the cauliflower .
the person let the cauliflower boil some more .
the person switched off the gas .
the person poured the contents of the vessel into a colander .
the person shook off the excess water from the cauliflower .
the person arranged the pieces on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a pot and lid out the drawer .
the person poured the water into a pot using the sink .
the person placed the pot on a stove .
the person poured salt into the water .
the person grabbed cauliflower out the fridge .
the person rinsed the cauliflower .
the person ripped apart the cauliflower in the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person sliced the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person placed the sliced cauliflower into the pot of water .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person grabbed a white plate out the cabinet .
the person placed the cooked cauliflower on the white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person added salt to the water .
the person got a cauliflower head from the fridge .
the person rinsed the cauliflower .
the person got a cutting board and knife out .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person put the pieces into the pot .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person threw away the pieces of cauliflower he did n't want .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person used a towel to wipe down the counter .
the person checked the cauliflower .
the person waited for the cauliflower to be done .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person tested the cauliflower for tenderness .
the person rinsed the fork .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person got a colander from under the counter .
the person poured the cauliflower into a colander .
the person drained the cauliflower .
the person poured the cauliflower onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a pot and lid .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person set the pot to boil .
the person added salt .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out cauliflower .
the person washed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person added the cauliflower pieces to the boiling water .
the person cleaned the cutting board and kitchen .
the person waited for the cauliflower to cook .
the person strained the cauliflower in the sink .
the person put the cooked cauliflower onto a plate .
the person got out a pot .
the person put water in the pot .
the woaman turned on the stove .
the person added salt to the water .
the person got cauliflower out of the fridge .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person cut the cauliflower .
the person cut off the bad parts .
the person set the bad parts aside .
the person put the cauliflower in the pot .
the person threw away the trash .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person cleaned the counters .
the person waited for the food to cook .
the person got out a plate .
the person got out a strainer .
the person strained the cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person put water and salt in a cooking pot .
the person got a head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person tore off a piece of the cauliflower .
the person put the other , larger piece on a cutting board .
the person cut up this piece with a knife on the board .
the person put the chunks in the pot .
the person put the pot , covered , on the stove .
the person cleaned the counter , the board , and the knife .
the person stood in the kitchen waiting for the cauliflower to cook .
the person talked to he or persons located off-camera .
the person tested the doneness of the cauliflower with a fork .
the person drained the cauliflower in the sink .
the person arranged the cauliflower onto a plate .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife some drawers .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a plate from a cabinet .
the person removed the ends from the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person walked into kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took out a cucumber from the fridge and a plate from the shelf .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person wiped the cucumber .
the person cut the edges of the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person arranged the slices onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a cucumber .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person washed off the cucumber in the sink .
the person set the cucumber on the plate .
the person cut the end off of , .
the person cut the cucumber on the bias into slices .
the person took the sliced cucumber off the cutting board .
the person set the sliced cucumber on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife .
the person took out a cucumber out the fridge .
the person rinsed the cucumber using the the sink .
the person placed the cucumber on a white plate .
the person chopped the cucumber into tiny pieces .
the person placed the cucumbers onto a white plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took out a chopper board from the drawer .
the person kept a chopper board on the kitchen platform .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person kept a knife on the chopper board .
the person took a cucumber from the fridge .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person kept the napkin aside .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person closed the tap .
the person kept washed cucumber in the plate , .
the person wiped his hands .
the person took the cucumber on the chopper board , .
the person removed the unwanted things of the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into pieces .
the person arranged the cucumber pieces in the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a cucumber .
the person walked over to the cabinets .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person turned the sink on .
the person rinsed off the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board and the plate on the counter .
the person sliced the cucumber with the knife , .
the person placed the cucumber on the plate .
the person slid the plate forward .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator and a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person washed the cucumber at the sink .
the person placed the cucumber and the plate to the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person put the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person cut off the ends .
the person sliced the entire cucumber along the width .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person rinsed the cucumber under the faucet .
the person cut the cucumber into slices .
the person placed the slices of cucumber onto the plate .
the person entered the room .
the person took a chopping board from a drawer .
the person took a knife from the same drawer .
the person went the fridge .
the person grabbed a cucumber .
the person took a plate from a cabinet .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person put the cucumber in a plate .
the person cut the cucumber using the knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a cucumber .
the person brought out a plate from the cupboard .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the ends off the cucumber .
the person set the ends off the cucumber aside .
the person cut the cucumber into slices .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a cucumber from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person rinsed the cucumber in a sink .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person sliced the top and bottom off of the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer with kitchen appliances .
the person pulled out a cutting board and a knife .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person headed towards the refrigerator , .
the person opened the refriderator .
the person took a cucumber .
the person opened the kitchen cabinet to the fridge to take a plate .
with a cucumber and a plate in hands , the person returned to the counter .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person washed the cucumber in the kitchen sink .
the person put the cucumber on the cutting board , .
the person cut the ends of off the cucumber .
carefully sliced the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber slices on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board from a bottom drawer and a knife from a top one .
the person grabbed a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person also grabbed a plate out of a cabinet to the refrigerator .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person sliced both ends of the cucumber off .
the person proceeded to cut the cucumber into slices .
the person put the cucumber in a line on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a knife and wooden cutting board from drawers to the sink .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator , .
the person looked for a plate in the cupboard to the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the cucumber in the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut both ended from the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber diagonally into round pieces .
the person slid the plate to the cutting board .
the person used both hands , he picked up the slices of cucumber .
the person put the slices of cucumber on the plate .
the person made sure the pieces were arranged in a straight line .
the person took a knife and cutting board out from under the counter .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person also got a plate from the pantry .
the person rinsed off the cucumber under running water .
the person sliced the ends off .
the person sliced the cucumber into large , rough slices .
the person put the slices of cucumber onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator and a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber on a bias into round slices .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person pushed the plate forward .
the person stepped back from the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed a cucumber .
the person cut the ends off of the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into ovals on an angle .
the person placed the sliced cucumber onto the plate so that the sliced cucumber looked uncut .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge and a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the cucumber at the sink .
the person placed the cucumber on the plate to the cutting board .
the person transferred the cucumber to the cutting board .
the person used the knife to slice the cucumber .
the person picked up the sliced cucumber .
the person put the sliced cucumber on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , cucumber , and a plate .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person sliced the top and bottom off of the cucumber with the knife .
the person sliced the cucumber thinly , .
the person arranged the slices on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a large cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person set a plate near the sink .
first , the person moved the rag out of the sink .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person set the cucumber on the plate .
the person carried the plate with the cucumber over to the cutting board .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person sliced the two ends off of the cucumber .
the person sliced the rest of the cucumber into medium-thick slices with the knife .
the person picked up the slices .
the person held the slices all together in the shape of the cucumber .
the person transferred the slices back to the plate .
the person removed bread from the refrigerator .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person removed the bread from the bag .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person put two pieces of bread on the plate .
the person placed the loaf back into the bag .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person walked towards fridge .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a bread packet from the fridge .
the person kept bread packet over the counter .
the person walked towards a wardrobe .
the person opened a wardrobe .
the person took a plate from a wardrobe .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person took a cutting board .
the person put a cutting board on counter .
the person opened another drawer , .
the person took a knife form a knife .
the person put a knife on cutting board .
the the person opened the tap .
the person washed his hands .
the person the wiped his hands with a napkin .
the person took bread form the packet .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut two slices from bread .
the person put two slices from bread in plate .
the person kept remaining bread back into the packet .
the person kept knife on packet .
the person threw the particles on cutting board into a dustbin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took some bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board and knife .
the person set a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took the bread from the package .
the person sliced two slices from the loaf .
the person placed the the slices on the plate .
the person put the loaf back into the package .
the person discarded the crumbs on the cutting board into the waste bin .
the person placed the cutting board back on the counter .
the person got a loaf of bread from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person cut two slices of bread of the loaf .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person removed a plate , a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed the bread from the bread bag .
the person cut two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person placed two slices of bread on the plate .
the person placed the bread back into the bread bag .
the person cleaned the knife with his fingers .
the person discarded crumbs from the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a knife from another drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person sliced a piece of bread off the loaf .
the person put the slice of bread on the plate .
the person sliced another piece of bread off the loaf .
the person brushed the crumbs off the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person cut off two slices of bread .
the person stacked the two slices of bread on the plate .
the person put the bread back into the bag .
the mad cleaned off the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person sliced off a two pieces of bread .
the person placed two pieces of bread on the plate .
the person put the loaf of bread back .
the person brushed the crumbs off the cutting board into the trash .
the person took out around one-fourths of a loaf of brown bread from the refrigerator .
the person took out a plate , a cutting board and a chopper .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took the loaf of bread .
the person cut an approximately one centimeter slice of bread .
the person kept a slice of bread on the plate .
the person cut another similar slice off the loaf .
the person placed the another slice of the bread too on the plate .
the person wrapped the rest of the loaf in the paper .
the person threw away the crumbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person got a cutting board and knife from below the counter .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person dried his hands in the sink .
the person took the bread out of the wrapper .
the person used the knife to cut two slices of bread .
the person put the slices of bread on the plate .
the person put the bread back in the wrapper .
the person wiped the crumbs from the cutting board into the garbage .
the person took a bag of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out of the pantry .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife from another drawer .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person took the bread out of the bag .
the person sliced the loaf of bread into slices with the knife .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person put the loaf of bread back in the bag .
the person dumped the bread crumbs on the cutting board into the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person went to the sink .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took the loaf of bread out of the wrapper .
the person placed the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person proceeded to cut slices of bread .
the person put the slices of bread on the plate .
the person put the bread back in the wrapper .
the person threw away the crumbs that remained on the cutting board .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed packaged bread out the fridge .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person placed the loaf of bread onto the cutting board .
the person sliced a piece of bread .
the person placed the slice of bread onto a plate .
the person placed the bread back into the packaging .
the person tossed the bread crumbs onto the cutting board .
the person got the bread out of the fridge .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person got out a plate from the cabinet .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took the bread out of the bag .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person sliced the bread .
the person put the slice of bread on the plate .
the person put the bread back in the bag .
the mad cleaned off the cutting board .
the person went into the fridge .
the person took out bread .
the person proceeded to the cupboard .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person dried his hands with a hand towel .
the person removed the bread from the package .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person put the bread back into the package .
the person dumped the crumbs from the cutting board into the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person washed his hands .
the person put the bread loaf on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to slice two pieces of bread .
the person put the pieces of bread on the plate .
the person brushed the crumbs off the cutting board and into the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a bag containing bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed the bed bag on the counter .
the person retrieved a plate , cutting board , and knife .
the person placed a plate , cutting board , and knife on the counter .
the person washed his hands .
the person removed the loaf of bread from the bag .
the person placed the loaf on the cutting board .
the person cut two thin slices from the loaf .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person put the bread back into the bag .
the person discarded the bread crumbs into a waste bin .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the bread .
the person placed two slices of bread on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a loaf of bread , a plate , cutting board and knife .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person sliced a single piece from the bread .
the person put the slice on the plate .
the person put the bread back in the wrapper .
the person threw away the crumbs that remained on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got some bread .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person took the bread from the bread package .
the person cut two slices from the bread .
the person put the bread back in the package .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person took out a cutting and knife .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a leek out of the pantry .
the person cut the root off .
the person stripped the outer leaves .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person put the dark leaves on the plate .
the person chopped the rest of the leek on the cutting board .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person went to another cabinet .
the person removed a large vegetable .
the person washed this vegetable in the sink .
the person cut the bottom of the vegetable .
the person peeled off three parts of the vegetable .
the person washed the vegetable again .
the person cut the top of the vegetable .
the person placed the top of the vegetable on a plate .
the person cut the stem of the vegetable down the middle .
the person sliced the stem into small pieces .
the person grabbed the small pieces .
the person placed the small pieces on the plate .
a young person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , a large knife , a plate , and what appeared to be a large root vegetable .
the person took the vegetable to the sink .
the person rinsed the vegetable .
the person cut the root off .
the person peeled off some of the leafy part off .
the person rinsed the vegetable again .
the person cut off the leaves at the top .
the person cut in half vertically .
the person finely chopped both halves .
the person used the knife and his hands to neatly move the chopped vegetable from the cutting board to plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a large cutting board and knife .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person placed the plate to the cutting board .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got a leek .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person used the knife to cut off the root .
the person peeled the outer leaves off of the leek .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink a second time .
the person cut the remaining leaved off the leak .
the person cut the leek in half lengthwise .
the person diced one half of the leek .
the person diced the other half of the leek .
the person placed the diced leek on the plate to the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person went to another cabinet .
the person took out a leek .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person removed the ends of the leek .
the person peeled off several leaves .
the person washed the leek again .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person diced the two halves of the leek .
the person placed the diced leek onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person removed a chopping board and knife .
the person placed the items on the table .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person walked back over to the cabinet .
the person removed a leek .
the person peeled the outside layers off the leek .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person sliced the leek in half .
the person chopped the leek up .
the person chopped up the other half of the leek .
the person placed the chopped leek on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person also took out a knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person placed the plate on the counter , near the cutting board .
the person got leeks from the cabinet .
the person washed the leeks .
the person peeled back the outer layers of the leeks .
the person washed the leeks again .
the person sliced the green end ff the leeks .
the person cut the stemmed in half lengthwise .
the person sliced the stemmed into thing pieces .
the person wiped the sides of the knife blade with his finger .
the person picked up the sliced leeks .
the person put the sliced leeks on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a plate and a leek .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink , .
the person cut off the bottom .
the person pulled off the outer leaves .
the person rinsed the leek again .
the person cut off the top .
the person cut the leek lengthwise .
the person chopped the halves into small pieces .
the person used his hands and knife to transfer the sliced leek to the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a knife and cutting board from the drawer , a plate from the cupboard , and a leek from the pantry .
the person washed the leek , .
the person cut off the root end .
the person removed the dried , outer leaves .
the person washed the leek again thoroughly .
the person cut off the green leaf end .
the person cut the leek in half lengthwise .
the person cut each half into slices .
the person moved the slices onto the plate .
the person entered the room , .
the person pulled out a wooden cutting board , a knife , a plate , and a leek .
the person washed the leek briefly in the sink .
the person cut the roots from the leak .
the person set the roots and the outer few green leaves aside .
the person proceeded to peel the outer few green leaves from the stalk , .
the person briefly rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person removed the green leaves from the leek .
the person inspected the leek , he carefully cut the leek in half , down the long way of the vegetable .
the person cut both halves into small , bite sized pieces .
the person transferred the freshly cut pieces of the leek onto the plate .
the person took out a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person removed a leek from the fridge .
the person rinsed the stalk of the leek .
the person cut off the roots from the bottom .
the person peeled off the outer most leaved .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person cut off the leaves .
the person set the leaves aside .
the person cut the stalk in half lengthwise .
the person chopped the leek into pieces .
the person placed the chopped leek onto the plate .
the person first grabbed the leek , .
the person washed the leek off .
the person set the leek down , .
the person peeled several `` leaves '' off the leek .
the person cleaned the leek .
before slicing the ends off of the leek .
the person chopped the leek up into small pieces .
once the pieces were small enough , the person gathered the pieces .
the person moved the pieces to a plate to be used in his dish .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board , knife and plate on the counter .
the person went into the cabinet .
the person picked up a leek .
the person than washed the leek .
the person cut off the bottom stem .
the person than peeled the leek .
the person washed the leek throughly .
the person than cut of the leaves .
the person placed the leaves on the place .
the person than cut the leek in half .
the person minced the halves into very small pieces .
the person removed the leaves from the plate .
than placed the minced leek onto the plate .
the person removed a cutting board and kitchen knife from the cabinet .
the person placed a cutting board and kitchen knife on the table top above .
the person walked to the pantry door behind him .
the person removed a white plate .
the person opened a different pantry door .
the person retrieved one long leek from inside , .
the person washed one long leek .
the person cut the leafy end off .
the person sliced vertically along the leek , .
the person split the leek in two .
the person cut each half perpendicular into several dozen thin slices .
the person took both halfs of diced leek .
the person put both halfs of diced leek onto the white plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person removed a plate and a leek from the cabinet .
the person washed the leek .
the person cut the end from the leek .
the person pulled the outer leaves from the leek .
the person sliced the leek in half .
the person sliced both halves .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took a plate and leeks from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate and leeks on the counter .
the person washed the leeks under the faucet .
the person cut the ends off of the leeks .
the person removed about three layers .
the person washed the leeks under the faucet again .
the person placed the leeks on the cutting board .
the person cut the leeks in half .
the person chopped one half .
the person moved the chopped leeks to the corner of the cutting board .
the person chopped the other half .
the person put the chopped leeks on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate to the cutting board .
the person took a whole leek from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a whole leek in the sink .
the person cut the root end from the leek .
the person removed the outer leaves .
the person placed the trimmings on the counter .
the person rinsed the remaining leek in the sink .
the person cut away the green of the leek .
the person sliced the white in long halves .
the person diced the halves into a thin chop .
the person placed the chopped leeks onto the plate .
the person stepped back from the counter .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and plate .
the person took out a leek from the cupboard , .
the person washed a leek in the sink .
the person cut the root off with the knife , .
the person peeled the leafy stalked off .
the person washed the leek again in the sink .
the person cut off the top portion of the leak , leaving only the main portion .
the person cut the leek in half lengthwise , .
the person chopped each half into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate using the knife .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a leek from a refrigerator .
the person washed the leek in a sink .
the person cut the end off the leek .
the person peeled the outer leaves of the leek .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person cut the leek in half lengthwise .
the person chopped the leek .
the person put the chopped leek on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to one cabinet to get a plate and the other to get the stalk of leek .
the person rinsed the leek off .
the person cut end .
the person removed outer layer .
the person washed the inside more thoroughly .
the person cut off the leafy part .
the person put the leafy part on the plate .
the person cut the leek long ways in half .
the person took one half .
the person sliced one half thinly .
the person took the other half .
the person sliced the other half also thinly .
the person removed the leafy part from the plate .
the person arranged the leek on the plate .
the person put the knife down .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , plate , and leek .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person cut off the end .
the person peeled the outer leaves .
the person washed the leek again .
the person cut off the greens , .
the person cut the leek lengthwise in half , .
the person sliced the leek into small pieces .
the person put the pieces of sliced leek onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a vegetable out of the cabinet .
the person washed the vegetable in the sink .
the person cut the stalks off of the vegetable .
the person sliced the vegetable down its length .
the person chopped one half of the vegetable .
the person chopped the other half of the vegetable .
the person put the chopped vegetable onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a carrot out the fridge .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person rinsed off the carrot using the sink .
the person searched for an item in the drawer .
the person sliced the carrot into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person removed a carrot from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the carrot .
the person sliced a carrot .
the person looked around .
the person rewashed a carrot .
the person sliced the carrot again .
the person walked in .
the person took a carrot out of the fridge .
the person held the carrot he pulled a cutting board and a large knife from two different drawers .
the person set the cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person cut both tips of the carrot .
the person began to look through a drawer .
the person looked for a minute , .
the person closed the drawer .
the person threw the end pieces he cut off into the trash .
the person again rinsed the carrot this time he was much more thorough he rinsed it .
the person very carefully cut the carrot in very thin slices .
the person finished slicing the carrot he cleaned the last pieces from the knife .
the person set the knife down .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the table .
the person put a knife on the board .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the ends off of the carrot .
the person looked for something did n't find something .
the person threw the ends away .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person got a carrot from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot in a sink .
the person sliced the top and bottom off the carrot .
the person put the top and bottom in a trash can .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person pulled a small carrot from the refrigerator .
the person picked a large cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed the carrot , scrubbing the carrot with his fingers .
the person cut the top and bottom off the carrot .
the person rummaged through the drawers , .
the person threw the ends away in the trash .
the person scrubbed the carrot with his fingers under water again .
the person proceeded to cut the carrot into thin slices , occasionally brushing pieces from his knife .
the placed his knife down on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person threw the ends away .
the person rinsed the carrot again .
the person sliced the carrot into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from a cupboard .
the person retrieved a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed off the carrot .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person sliced off both ends of the carrot .
the person discarded the carrot ended .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person cut the carrot into thin slices width-wise .
the person looked towards someone or something off-camera .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a carrot , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the top off of the carrot , .
the person washed the carrot .
the person thinly sliced the carrot down to the root .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person set a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the top and bottom ends off the carrot .
the person opened the drawer .
the person closed the drawer .
the person opened another drawer .
the person threw the ends of the carrot into the trash .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person chopped the carrot into circular slices .
the person set the knife onto the cutting board .
the person entered in clean kitchen .
the person took a carrot from refrigerator .
the person also took knife and wood mat from drawer .
the person washed carrot .
the person cut the carrot from both side .
the person opened drawer .
the person put garbage in dustbin .
the person washed carrot .
the person divided the carrot into small fourty pieces .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person sliced off the ends of the carrot .
the person threw the ends in the garbage .
the person rinsed the carrot again .
the person sliced the carrot into many pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a carrot out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person turned the cutting board on the angle .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person rummaged in some drawers for a minute .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut the carrots into thin rounds .
the person took a carrot from a fridge .
the person brought a carrot to the kitchen counter .
the person took out a chopping board and knife from under the counter .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut off the ends , .
before looking for something in a drawer without success .
the person discarded the ends .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person cut the carrot into fine , even slices .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife from drawers .
the person washed the carrot .
the person put the carrot on the cutting board .
the person removed both ended from the carrot .
the person threw both ends in the garbage .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person put the carrot back on the cutting board .
the person sliced the carrot into round circles on the cutting board .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a carrot , .
also removed a cutting board from under the counter .
the person also took a knife out from under the drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot off with running water .
the person cut the stem off .
the person picked up the stem end .
the person threw the stem end in the trash .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person sliced the carrot into medallions .
the person finished , he looked up .
the person put the knife down .
the person pulled a carrot out of the fridge , and a cutting board from under the counter .
the person pulled out a large knife , .
the person proceeded to wash the carrot .
the person cut the end off of the carrot .
the person searched around for something , did n't pull out anything new .
the person washed the carrot a second time .
the person began slowly cutting the carrot into small pieces .
the person finished cutting the carrot , .
the person wiped the blade off with his fingers .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a knife out of another drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person searched for something in a drawer did not find what he was looking for .
the person threw the carrot ended away .
the person rinsed the carrot again .
the person sliced the carrot into small pieces .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a chopper .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the tips off the two ends of the carrot .
the person washed the carrot again thoroughly .
the person cut thin discs of the carrot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a carrot .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person washed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut off the ends of the carrot .
the person disposed of the carrot ended .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person cut the carrot into thin slices .
the person removed broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person also removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person sliced the broccoli into individual pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the boiling pot of water .
the person removed a wooden utensil from the drawer .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person took out a pan from the drawer .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person poured oil into the pan .
the person took out a strainer from the drawer .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in the pan .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the cooked broccoli onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a broccoli crown out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , eight inch chef knife , and a medium six inch pot with a lid .
the person filled the pot 1/4 way with water .
the person put the pot on the stove to boil .
the person chopped the broccoli crown in half on the cutting board .
the person sliced each half into several parts .
the person removed the hard stem parts .
the person threw the hard stemmed into the trash .
the person cleaned the counter top with a hand towel .
the person gently put the broccoli in the boiling water .
the person took out a wooden spatula .
the person stirred the broccoli with the wooden spatula .
the person brought out a ten inch frying pan .
the person put a small amount of olive oil in the frying pan .
the person heated a small amount of olive oil .
the person placed a colander in the sink .
the person drained the broccoli out of the pan .
the person put the drained broccoli into the hot frying pan .
the person stirred the broccoli with the wooden spatula .
the person added some salt and other spices .
a few minutes of cooking the person placed the broccoli on a white plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a cutting board , large knife and a small pot with a lid .
the person filled the pot over half full with water .
the person put the pot on the stove with lid on .
the person turned on the heat .
the person sliced the broccoli in half .
the person chopped each half into small pieces .
the person kept the hard pieces from the stem separate .
the person put those in the garbage .
the water started boiling , the person used wooden spatula to add the broccoli from the cutting board to the pot .
the person put a large frying pan on the stove , .
the person turned on the heat .
the person added olive oil to the pan .
the person put a strainer in the sink .
the person poured the cooked broccoli into the strainer .
the person poured the drained broccoli into the frying pan .
the person stirred the broccoli with a wooden spatula as it cooked .
the broccoli was done , the person poured it onto a plate for serving .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person placed a head of broccoli on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board , chef 's knife , and saucepan from the drawer .
the person filled the pan with water from the adjacent sink .
the person placed the pan on the stove to heat up .
the person started chopping the broccoli into smaller , bite-sized pieces .
the person removed the small leaves .
the person pared the stalks as he went .
the person threw the stalks away .
the person wiped the counter he waited for the water to boil .
the person added the broccoli pieces to the saucepan once it was boiling , .
the person stirred the broccoli , .
the person placed the lid on top .
the person cleaned up the counter again , .
the person pulled out a fry pan .
the person got some oil from the pantry .
the person added a small amount to the fry pan to warm up .
the person drained the broccoli using a colander he took out of the drawer .
once drained , the person added the broccoli to the hot fry pan .
the person stirred fried the broccoli .
the person added two different spices or seasonings cooking the broccoli .
the person removed a plate from the cupboard .
the person poured the broccoli onto a plate for serving .
the person got some broccoli from the fridge .
the person put a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person got a metal pot .
put water in a metal pot .
the person put the pot with water on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person cut the head of broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person put the broccoli pieces into the pot with the water .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person put the lid on .
the person put some liquid in a pan on the stove .
the person drained the lightly steamed broccoli in a colander .
the person put the broccoli into the pan on the stove .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a stalk of broccoli from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a sauce pan and a skillet from the drawer .
the person cut up the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli into the sauce pan of water .
the person removed oil from the cabinet .
the person poured oil into the skillet .
the person removed a drainer from the drawer .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli into the skillet .
the person cooked the broccoli in the skillet .
the person seasoned the broccoli .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the broccoli on the plate .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a broccoli .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a vessel with lid .
the person filled the vessel with water .
the person kept the vessel on stove .
the person switched on the stove .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person opened the lid of vessel .
the person put the pieces in the boiled water .
the person took a spatula from the drawer .
mixed the pieces with water .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person poured some oil in a pan .
the person filtered the water from the broccoli .
the person transferred the broccoli to the pan .
the person fried the broccoli well .
the person put some salt and pepper .
mixed the salt and pepper well .
the person transferred the fried broccoli to a serving plate .
the person removed the broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person set the broccoli on the counter .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person took out a pot with a lid .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the water-filled pot on the stove , with the lid on the water-filled pot .
the person turned on the heat .
the person used the knife to cut the broccoli into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person threw away unwanted pieces .
the person made certain the water came to a rolling boil .
the person slid the broccoli from the cutting board into the boiling water .
the person stirred the broccoli in the pot with a wooden spoon .
the person removed a frying pan from a cabinet to place on the stove to the pot of broccoli .
the person took a bottle of olive oil from a cabinet .
the person poured some olive oil into the frying pan , .
the person spread the olive oil around the pan .
the person removed a strainer from a cabinet , .
the person placed a strainer in the sink .
the person poured the pot of broccoli into a strainer to separate it from the water .
the person took the strainer of broccoli from the sink .
the person poured the strainer of broccoli into the heated frying pan .
the person stirred the broccoli in the frying pan , .
the person sprinkled salt and pepper over top of the broccoli .
the person stirred the broccoli more .
the person took out a plate .
the person poured the cooked broccoli onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a broccoli from the fridge .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took the vegetable cutting board and a knife .
the person bent down searching for a vessel to cook .
the person caught some water in the vessel with a lid .
the person closed the tap , he kept the vessel in the stove .
the person lighted on the stove .
the person kept the temperature .
now the person started cutting the broccoli into pieces .
the person cut the broccoli into two halves and into pieces .
the person wiped off the water spilled .
the person checked the boiling stage .
the person put the vegetables to cook .
the person stirred the vegetables .
the person thrown the waste in the garbage .
the person kept a frying pan .
the person poured some oil .
the person spread some oil evenly .
the person removed the boiled vegetables with a sieve .
the person was frying the boiled broccoli in the pan .
the person sprinkled pepper and salt to taste .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a broccoli .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a vessel with lid .
the person filled the vessel with water .
the person kept the vessel on stove .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person opened the lid of vessel .
the person put the pieces in the boiled water .
the person took a spatula from the drawer .
mixed the pieces with water .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person poured some oil in a pan .
the person filtered the water from the broccoli .
the person transferred to the pan .
the person fried the broccoli well .
the person transferred the fried broccoli to a serving plate .
the person selected a broccoli crown from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took a saucepan and lid from the cabinet .
the person filled the pan half full with water .
the person placed the pan on the stove .
the person cut the broccoli crown into smaller pieces .
the person dumped the broccoli into the boiling water .
the person covered the pot .
the person got a skillet from the cabinet .
the person poured the olive oil into the skillet .
the person took a strainer from the drawer .
the person poured the pot of broccoli and water into the strainer .
the person dumped the drained broccoli into the skillet .
the person sprinkled salt and pepper onto the broccoli .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person poured the broccoli onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some broccoli from the fridge .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter and a pot from under the stove .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person used the knife to cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person threw away some pieces .
the person added the rest to the pot of boiling water .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person got a pan from under the stove .
the person got some oil from the pantry .
the person added some to the pan .
the person got a colander from under the counter .
the person poured the pot of broccoli into a colander in the sink .
the person poured the drained broccoli into the pan .
the person stirred the broccoli with the spatula .
the person added seasoning .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person poured the broccoli from the pan to the plate .
the person got broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person got a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a pot from a drawer in .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person sliced the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person added the broccoli to the pot .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person added oil to the frying pan .
the person got a strainer from a drawer .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person added the broccoli to the frying pan .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked broccoli on the plate .
the person took the broccoli out of the refrigerator , the knife out of the drawer and the pot out of the cupboard .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the water was heating the person chopped the broccoli into pieces .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person brushed the tiny pieces of broccoli left on the cutting board into the trash .
the person poured what appeared to be oil into a large frying pan .
the person strained the broccoli into the sink .
the person moved around with a wooden spoon .
the person spiced the broccoli cooking in the oil .
mixed the broccoli again .
once the broccoli was done the person poured the broccoli onto a plate .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person put a lid on the pot .
the person boiled the water .
the person sliced the broccoli with a knife .
the person placed the broccoli in the boiling pot .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person placed a skillet to the boiling broccoli .
the person poured wine in the skillet .
the person continued cooking the wine .
the person stirred the wine .
the person placed a strainer in the sink .
the person poured the broccoli in .
the person placed the broccoli in the skillet .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person added salt .
the person continued to stir .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled out some broccoli .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person opened another drawer .
the person pulled out a pot with lid .
the person poured water into the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person started cutting the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person put the broccoli into the boiling water .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person took out a pan .
the person took out a pan .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person poured some extra virgin olive oil onto the pan .
the person poured the broccoli into the pan .
the person added salt to the broccoli .
the person added salt to the broccoli .
the person added additional spices .
the person poured the broccoli onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled broccoli out of the fridge .
the person pulled a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person poured water into a pot using the sink .
the person sliced the broccoli into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person placed the broccoli into the boiling pot of water .
the person threw the left overs into the garbage .
the person poured the pot of broccoli into the strainer .
the person cooked the broccoli using the frying pan .
the person placed the cooked broccoli onto the white plate .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli on the prep area .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
again the person opened the drawer .
the person took a container with lid .
the person filled the container with some water .
the person kept the vessel on the stove .
the person switched on the stove .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person opened the lid of the container .
the person put the pieces of broccoli in the boiled water .
the person took a spatula from the drawer .
the person stirred the pieces in the water .
the person placed a cooking pan on the stove .
the person poured some oil in a cooking pan .
the person transferred the cooked broccoli to the pan .
the person fried the broccoli well .
the person added some salt , pepper .
the person mixed some salt , pepper well .
the person transferred the fried broccoli to a plate .
in this video the person walked into a kitchen .
the person went to his fridge .
the person opened a drawer in the fridge .
the person grabbed some broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli on the counter .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board .
the individual grabbed a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot full of water on the stove , .
the person covered the pot , .
the person turned on the stove .
the person began to chop up the broccoli .
the person cut the head off the broccoli .
the person was chopping up the broccoli , the water boiled .
the person cut the stalks .
the person put the broccoli in the boiling pot of water .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person pulled out a pan , .
the person put a pan on the stove , .
the person added oil to a pan .
once the broccoli boiled the person removed the broccoli from the pot .
the person strained the broccoli in the sink .
the person put the broccoli on the pan .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person also seasoned the broccoli with spices he stirred the broccoli .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person got some broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got out a pot with a lid .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person placed the broccoli into the water .
the person removed a pan from a drawer .
the person put some oil in the pan .
the person got a colander from a drawer .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli into the pan .
the person stirred the broccoli as the broccoli cooked .
the person seasoned the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut off the top of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person used the knife to cut the skin off one half of the pineapple .
the person threw away the skin .
the person cut out the core of the skinned half of the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple into rings .
the person cut the rings into chunks .
the person put the chunks onto another smaller cutting board .
the person cut the skin off the second half of the pineapple .
the person threw away the skin .
the person cut the core out of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into chunks .
the person put the chunks on the smaller cutting board .
the person got a bowl and a plate from the pantry .
the person put the chunks of pineapple on the plate .
the person rinsed the knives , cutting boards and the dishes that were already in the sink .
the person took the plate of pineapple and a fork .
the person left the kitchen .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a pineapple from within .
the person placed the pineapple on a square wooden cutting board .
the person proceeded to cut the top off the pineapple using a large kitchen knife .
the person cut the top third off .
the person had to clean the knives .
the person cut the outer shell of the pineapple off in a series of vertical cut .
the person found another round wooden cutting block .
the person found a smaller knife .
the person cut the core from the peeled piece .
the peeled piece was cored , the person made two horizontal cut to make three slices .
the person quartered the slices .
the person transferred the slices to the round cutting board .
the person placed the pieces on a round plate , .
the person cleaned the work area , .
the person retrieved a fork .
the person left the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut off the top of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut the skin off the pineapple with the knife .
the person got a round cutting board from a drawer .
the person put the pineapple on a round cutting board .
the person put the skin in a trash can .
the person cut out the core with the small knife .
the person sliced the pineapple into rings .
the person chopped the pineapple .
the person cut the skin off of the other half of the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person cored the pineapple .
the person chopped the pineapple .
the person got a plate and a bowl from a cabinet .
the person put the pineapple on the plate .
the person rinsed the dishes in the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled pineapple out of the fridge .
the person sliced the pineapple into big pieces .
the person tossed the leftover pineapple into the garbage .
the person tossed the pineapple skins into the garbage .
the person used the peeler the cut out the middle piece .
the person sliced the big pineapple pieces into smaller pieces .
the person sliced the last pineapple piece into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pineapple pieces onto the white plate .
the person tossed the pineapple piddle pieces into the garbage .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person entered a kitchen , .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person took out a pineapple .
the person placed the fruit on the counter , .
the person took out a square cutting board , .
the person placed the pineapple on the cutting board .
the person took out a cutting knife , .
the person cut off the leafy top .
the person proceeded to cut the top off the fruit .
the person placed the top off the fruit in the garbage .
the person split the pineapple .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person removed the husk off the top rounded portion of the split fruit .
the person took out a rounded cutting board .
the person placed the top husked piece of fruit on that board .
the person disposed of the husk into the garbage , .
the person wiped clean the square cutting board , .
the person placed the fruit back on the square board .
the person cored the center of the fruit .
the person sliced the fruit into round sections , .
the person stacked the round sections , .
the person diced the fruit .
the person placed the fruit back on the round cutting board .
the person removed the husk from the remaining piece .
and placed the piece on the round cutting board .
the person disposed of the husk into the garbage , .
the person washed the square board .
the person continued the slicing of the fruit .
this time it appeared the person diced the fruit into smaller chunks .
the person retrieved a bowl and plate from a cabinet .
carefully placed the pineapple onto the plate .
the person threw the core and remnants into the garbage .
the person washed the knives and boards .
the person wiped the counter , .
the person tasted a piece of fruit with a fork .
the person exited the kitchen .
the person removed a pineapple from the fridge .
the person removed a tag from the pineapple .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed the pineapple on the board .
the person used a knife and slice the pineapple .
the person disposed of his trash .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person skinned the pineapple .
the person wiped the cutting board off .
the person cut the pineapple into chunks .
the person placed the pineapple chunks on a plate .
the person cleaned his utensils off .
the wiped the counter off .
the person took a fork .
the person ate a piece of the sliced pineapple .
the person picked up the plate of pineapples .
the person walked out of the room .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person took off the tag .
the person threw the tag into the garbage .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person put the pineapple on the cutting board , .
the person cut off the end , .
the person threw the end in the garbage .
the person cut a piece of pineapple off .
the person put a piece of pineapple on the cutting board .
the person cut the outsides off with the knife .
the person got another cutting board out of the drawer .
the person put the piece of pineapple on another cutting board .
the person threw the outsides in the garbage .
the person wiped off the first cutting board .
the person removed the center from the pineapple , .
the person sliced the pineapple into circles .
the person cut the pineapple up .
the person repeated those steps with the rest of the pineapple until all had been peeled and sliced .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the door .
the person cut the top off of the pineapple .
the person threw the top of the pineapple away .
the person cut the top third off of the pineapple .
the person cut the outer rind from the top third of the pineapple .
the person removed the center core from the pineapple .
the person sliced the peeled and cored chunk of pineapple .
the person cut the slices into cubes .
the person cut the rind off of the other piece of pineapple .
the person cut the core from the peeled pineapple .
the person cut the cored pineapple into chunks .
the person got a plate from the drawer .
the person put the chunks of pineapple onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen from the left , .
the person retrieved a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person removed a tag from the pineapple , .
the person got out a wooden cutting board .
the person placed a wooden cutting board on the counter top .
the person took a large knife .
the person sliced off the top third of the pineapple , .
the person placed the top third in the trash , .
the person sliced off the bottom two thirds .
the person rinsed the knife , .
the person wiped the knife , .
the person cut the skin off of the top pineapple section .
the person got out a small , round , wooden cutting board , .
the person moved the pineapple top to a small , round , wooden cutting board .
the person dumped the peels into the trash , .
rinsed and wiped off the larger cutting board .
the person cored the pineapple section , using the large knife , and finished with a smaller vegetable knife .
the person sliced the pineapple section into thin rings , .
the person sliced the thin rings into quarters , .
the person moved the slices to the smaller cutting board .
the person ate one of the slices .
the person skinned the larger pineapple section .
the person split the larger pineapple section in half -lrb- across its diameter -rrb- , .
the person cored the pieces .
this time , the person did not cut the pieces into rings , instead only sliced vertically , making wedges .
the person moved some of the pieces to the smaller cutting board , .
the person ate another piece during the process .
the person got out a small plate and a bowl from a cabinet , .
the person arranged all the pineapple pieces on the plate .
the person ate yet another piece , .
the person put the cores into the trash .
the person cleaned up everything else , .
the person used a fork to eat another piece of pineapple , .
the person left the kitchen .
the person removed a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced part of the pineapple .
the person removed the skin from this part with the knife .
the person removed a smaller cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed the core of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into pieces .
the person peeled the other part of the pineapple .
the person sliced the piece in half .
the person removed the core from both halves .
the person sliced the halves into pieces .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the pieces of pineapple on the plate .
the person rinsed everything in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person got a pineapple out .
the person carried the pineapple to the counter .
the person pulled the sticker off the pineapple .
the person threw the stiker away .
the person got a cutting board from below the counter .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the top off the pineapple , .
the person threw the top away .
the person began to cut up the pineapple , .
first cutting the pineapple in half .
the person sliced off the bark .
the person got out a second round cutting board .
the person put the carved pineapple on a second round cutting board .
the person threw the bark away .
the person wiped off the cutting board , .
the person proceeded to cut the carved portion to take out the core .
the person began slicing the pineapple ring .
the person put the pieces on the second round board .
the person began cutting up the remaining piece of pineapple .
the person took the core from the second piece .
the person sliced the pineapple into chunks .
the person put the chunks on a plate .
the person cleaned all the dishes .
the person rinsed all the dishes .
the person wiped the counter .
the person got a fork out .
the person took a bite of pineapple with a fork .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a pineapple .
the person removed the price bill from the fruit .
the person threw the price bill in a dustbin .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the pineapple .
the person peeled the skin of the pineapple with a knife .
the person took another cutting board .
the person placed the fruit on another cutting board .
the person discharged the waste skins in a dustbin .
the person wiped the cutting board with a cloth .
the person cut the pineapple into pieces .
the person transferred the waste into a dustbin .
similarly the person cut the other half into pieces .
the person transferred all the fruits into a plate .
the person washed all the utensils .
the person got a pineapple out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person cut the top off of the pineapple .
the person cut a large chunk off of the pineapple .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person cut the skin off of the chunk of pineapple he had already cut off .
the person got out a smaller cutting board .
the person put the clean piece of pineapple on a smaller cutting board .
the person threw the scrap skins away .
the person cored the chunk of pineapple .
the person sliced the chunk of pineapple .
the person put the slices on the smaller cutting board .
the person repeated the skinning the process with the remaining pineapple , .
the person cored the process with the remaining pineapple , .
the person sliced process with the remaining pineapple .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person put the pineapple chunks on a plate .
the person rinsed off the dishes .
the person took out a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person removed the pineapples tag .
the person threw the tag in the trash .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out cutting boards and a knife .
the person cut off the top of the pineapple .
the person threw the top of the pineapple away .
the person sliced the pineapple in half .
the person sliced the skin off of one half of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into small chunks .
the person placed these chunks on another cutting board .
the person tasted a piece of the pineapple .
the person brought out a bowl and plate for the pineapple chunks .
the person washed the knives , cutting boards , and bowl .
the person dried the counter with a towel .
the person got a fork .
the person started to eat the pineapple chunks .
the person got a pineapple from the fridge .
the person cut the ends from the pine apple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut the peel from one half .
the person cored the half .
the person cut the pineapple in to chunks .
the person repeated this process on the other half .
the person put the chunks on a plate .
the person washed the dishes .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a pineapple , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the tip off the pineapple .
the person threw the top of the pineapple in the trash .
the person cut the top third off , .
the person peeled the top third by cutting the sides off .
the person took out a second cutting board .
the person threw away the peel , .
the person cut a hole in the center of the piece , to remove the core .
the person used a smaller knife to finish removing the core , .
the person sliced the piece to make circles .
the person cut the slices into segments .
the person put the slices on the other cutting board .
the person peeled the remaining portion of the pineapple .
the person threw away the peel .
the person cut the piece in half , .
the person removed the core .
the person cut the piece into chunks .
the person de-cored the remaining third as well .
the person diced the remaining third as well .
the person took out a plate and bowl , .
the person placed the pineapple onto the plate .
the person washed the utensils .
the person got a pineapple .
the got a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the head off the pineapple .
the person threw the head of the pineapple away .
the person cut a big slice off the pineapple .
the person cut the skin off the sides .
the person cut the skinless pineapple into smaller pieces .
the person cut the skin off of the rest of the pineapple .
the person threw away the rest of the skins .
the person rinsed the board .
the person made sure to discard the core .
the person cut the rest of the pineapple into small pieces , .
the person put the pineapple pieces onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person proceeded to gather kitchen utensils including a cutting board and a large kitchen knife .
the person proceeded to prepare the pineapple by slicing off he top portion , .
the person cut approximately the top 1/3 of the actual fruit .
the person began to remove the rind/eyes from the top third by proceeding around the fruit with the knife .
the person placed the cleaned pineapple on a plate .
the person cleaned his cutting board of the rind .
the person cored the top third of the pineapple .
the person proceeded to cut the pineapple into rings .
the person placed the pineapple on a plate .
the person proceeded to was the utensils that he had used -lrb- along with dishes that were in the sink he began .
once that task was completed the person took the plate of diced pineapple .
the person left the room .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a pineapple .
the person brought a pineapple to the prep area .
the person removed the price bill on the fruit .
the person threw the price bill in a dust bin .
the person opened the drawer below prep area .
the person took a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the prep area .
the person placed the pineapple on the cutting board .
again the person opened the drawer .
the person took a knife .
the person cut the edge of the pineapple .
the person threw that in the dust bin .
the person washed the knife .
the person peeled the skin of the pineapple of one piece .
now the person put all the waste skins into the dust bin .
the person wiped the cutting board with a cloth .
the person placed the peeled fruit on the cutting board .
the person cut the peeled fruit into small pieces .
the person transfered the peeled fruit on the plate .
similarly the person cut the other half into pieces .
the person took a plate from the drawer .
the person placed the peeled fruit on a plate .
the person transferred all pieces into the plate .
the person washed all the utensils .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a pineapple .
the person threw the price bill in a dustbin .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the pineapple .
the person peeled the skin of the pineapple with a knife .
the person took another cutting board .
the person placed the fruit on another cutting board .
the person discharged the waste skins in a dustbin .
the person wiped the cutting board with a cloth .
the person cut the pineapple into pieces .
the person transferred the waste into a dustbin .
similarly the person cut the other half into pieces .
the person transferred all the fruits into a plate .
the person washed all the utensils .
the person placed all the utensils in their original place .
the person grabbed some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed some herbs .
the person placed some herbs in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife , .
the person placed the herbs on the board .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the herbs from the refrigerator .
the person untied the band .
the person washed the herbs under the tap .
the person squeezed of the extra water .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took the cutting board and knife .
once again squeezed the extra water from the herb .
the person started to cut the leaves slowly in proportion .
the person put the stem into the waste bin .
the person entered the the kitchen .
the person withdrew parsley from the refrigerator .
the person washed the parsley .
the person layed a chopping board on the counter .
the person drew a knife from the drawer .
the person wrung out the parsley .
the person placed the parsley on the cutting board .
the person chopped up the parsley untill just the stock remained .
the person left the parsley in a pile on the table .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got out fresh herbs .
the person removed the rubber band around the fresh herbs .
the person washed the fresh herbs .
the person squeezed off the excess water .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person got out a knife .
the person finely chopped the fresh herbs .
the person discarded the stemmed from the herbs .
the person set the knife down .
the person entered the room .
the person openned the fridge .
the person took a bundle of parsley .
the person washed the leaves .
the person took a knife and a trencher from a drawer .
the person chopped the parsley leaved into small pieces .
the person threw the stalks into the garbage .
the person got herbs from a refrigerator .
the person washed the herbs in a sink .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person threw the stemmed of the herbs in the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a bunch of herbs from the fridge .
the person carried a bunch of herbs to the sink .
once at the sink the person untied a bunch of herbs .
the person rinsed a bunch of herbs off .
the person wrung a bunch of herbs out .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from different drawers .
the person very carefully cut the herbs .
the person took out vegetables from the refrigerator .
the person washed the vegetables in the sink .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person sliced the top of the vegetables on the cutting board .
the person sliced the top of the vegetables very carefully .
the person took the excess vegetable .
the person threw the excess vegetable in the garbage .
the person took a bunch of herbs out of the refrigerator , .
the person washed a bunch of herbs .
the person set a bunch of herbs in the sink .
the person retrieved a cutting board and paring knife from a drawer .
the person squeezed the excess water off of the herbs .
the person finely chopped the leafy ended of the herbs in the bunch .
the person threw out the stemmed .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a bunch of herbs out of the fridge .
the person took the rubber band off of a bunch of herbs .
the person discarded the rubber .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person got out a small knife .
the person laid a small knife by the board .
the person squeezed the excess water from the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person diced the herbs with the knife .
the person threw the stemmed in the garbage .
the person placed the knife on the edge of the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed herbs from the refrigerator .
the person washed the herbs at the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the herbs into small pieces .
the person removed the stemmed .
the person threw the stemmed in the trash bin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bundle of fresh herbs from the fridge .
the person took the rubber band off the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs at the sink .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces with the knife .
the person threw away the stemmed of the herbs .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed herbs out the refrigerator .
the person cleaned the herbs using the sink .
the person sliced the herbs on a cutting board .
the person tossed the herbs stem in the garbage .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out some herbs .
the person removed a band from the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person chopped the tops of the herbs .
the person threw the stalks into the garbage drawer .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person walked to a refrigerator .
the person removed a small bunch of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed the tie from the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person squeezed the excess water from the herbs .
the person left the herbs in the sink .
the person took a cutting board from under the counter .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person retrieved a knife from under the counter .
the person squeezed more water from the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person sliced the herbs starting at the leafy ended making approximately 1/8 '' '' slices '' .
the person reached the end of the leaves of the herbs he separated the stemmed that still had leaves .
the person cut off the remaining leaved from these stemmed .
the person discarded the herb stemmed .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed some herbs .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs off in the sink .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person placed the items on the counter .
the person closed the drawer .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person tossed the rest of the herb in the trash .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out several stalks of green vegetables from the refrigerator , .
the person washed several stalks of green vegetables .
the person took out a cutting board and knife , .
the person chopped the top leafy parts of the vegetables , down to the stalk .
the person threw out the remaining stalks .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a bundle of a leafy stalk vegetable that was unknown .
the person rinsed off the stalk .
the person retrieved a round cutting board .
the person cut the leafy part finely .
the person threw away the stalks .
the person got a few sprigs of parsley from the refrigerator .
the person washed a few sprigs of parsley .
the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person diced the parsley finely .
the person threw away the stalks .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person obtained a bunch of herbs from his refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs thoroughly in the sink .
the person obtained a cutting board and knife from the kitchen drawers .
the person proceeded to cut the herbs very finely .
the person removed the stemmed .
the person threw the unused portions into the garbage .
the person walked in .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out herbs .
the person went directly to the sink .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person sliced the herbs on the cutting board .
the person threw away the stemmed of the herbs .
the person walked in to the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person found herbs on the top shelf .
the female washed the herbs .
the person drained the excess water .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person retrieved a small knife from the drawer .
the person cut the tops off all of the herbs .
the person chopped all the herb leaved very thinly .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person used a cutting board and sharp knife , he first sliced the top stem off the pepper .
the person removed the ribs and seeds of the yellow pepper , slicing off any excess rib fibers .
the person done , he discarded the yellow pepper ribs and seeds .
back on the cutting board , the person sliced each half of the pepper into approximately five to six vertical slices , with each slice about an half-inch wide .
the person placed the yellow pepper slices on a plate .
a slice tasting , .
the person put the plate of yellow pepper slices in the cabinet .
the person walked over to the sink to begin cleanup .
the person grabbed a pepper from the pantry .
the person rinsed a pepper in the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the pepper in half , .
the person scraped out the seeds , .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person sliced each half of the pepper into thin strips .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed the sliced peppers onto the plate .
the person put the plate with the peppers back into the pantry .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected an orange pepper from the cupboard .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person selected a cutting board and small knife .
the person cut the pepper in half from top to bottom .
the person cut the seeds and white part out of each pepper half .
the person disposed the seeds and white pepper parts .
the person sliced each half into long thin strips .
the person transferred the slices to a small plate .
the person ate one slice .
the person put the plate with the remaining slices in the cupboard .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected an orange pepper from the cupboard .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the pepper in half .
the person used the knife to remove the seeds and white part from the inside of the pepper .
the person disposed of the seeds and white parts .
the person cut each half into strips .
the person grabbed a small plate from the cabinet .
the person arranged the pepper slices on the plate .
the person ate one slice as he carried the plate to the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a pepper .
the person washed the pepper in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the seeds .
the person disposed of the seeds .
the person cut the pepper into long slices .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the peppers on the plate .
the person ate a piece of pepper .
the person put the plate of sliced pepper into the cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pepper from a cabinet .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the pepper in halves .
the person removed the inside membrane with the knife .
the person threw the membrane in the trash .
the person cut the pepper vertically into slices .
the person grabbed a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the sliced peppers on a plate .
the person grabbed a piece of pepper , .
the person ate a piece of pepper .
the person put the plate inside a cabinet .
the person grabbed something else from the cabinet .
the person ate something else .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed pepper out the cabinet .
the person cleaned the pepper using the sink .
the person sliced the pepper on a cutting board .
the person tossed some of the pepper into the garbage .
the person sliced the pepper in a bunch of pieces .
the person placed the pepper on a white plate .
the person ate a piece of the pepper .
the person put the sliced pepper back into the cabinet .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a pepper , .
the person washed a pepper in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the pepper in half lengthwise , .
the person removed the inner membrane from each side .
the person sliced each half thinly .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate , .
the person put the plate into the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a yellow pepper from the pantry .
the person rinsed a yellow pepper at the sink .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person pulled the stem and seeds out .
the person threw away the stem and seeds .
the person sliced the pepper in to pieces .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the sliced pepper on the plate .
the person put the plate in the cabinet .
the person ate a slice .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a yellow pepper from the pantry .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person got a round cutting board from the drawer .
the person also got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person used the knife to cut out the seeds .
the person threw the seeds in the garbage .
the person cut the pepper halved intro strips .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person put the yellow pepper strips on the plate .
the person ate one of the strips .
the person put the plate in the pantry .
the person got a pepper from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the pepper in half .
the person cleaned out the seeds with the knife .
the person put the seeds in a trash bin .
the person sliced the lengthwise pepper into strips .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person put the sliced peppers on the plate .
the person put the peppers in the refrigerator .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a yellow pepper .
the person washed in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person split the pepper down the middle .
the person proceeded to deseed the pepper .
the person through the seeds and membrane in the trash .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the pepper slices on a plate .
the person took the plate to the cabinet .
the person ate a slice .
the person put the whole plate on the top shelf .
the person took out a yellow colored bell pepper .
the person washed a yellow colored bell pepper .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the bell pepper vertically , .
the person cut out all the insides .
the person discarded all the insides .
the person cut each half into six long pieces , vertically .
the person took out a small plate .
the person arranged the pieces on a small plate .
the person put the plate in the shelf .
the person picked up the cutting board and knife to wash them .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a cupboard .
the person took a pepper from the cupboard .
the person proceeded to wash a pepper .
the person placed the pepper on a round cutting board .
the person began to remove the core .
the person threw the core of the pepper into the trash .
the person sliced the pepper into several pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person put the pieces back in the cupboard .
the person removed a pepper from the cabinet .
the person washed the pepper in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the core from the pepper .
the person threw the core from the pepper in the garbage .
the person sliced the pepper into pieces .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the slices of pepper onto the plate .
the person put the plate into a cabinet .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a pepper .
the person rinsed a pepper .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the pepper in half , .
the person carved out the seeds , along with the insides and stem , using the knife .
the person threw the seeds , stem and insides in the trash .
the person sliced the pepper in long slivers .
the person put the sliced peppers on to a small plate .
the person put a small plate back in the refrigerator .
the person took a yellow pepper from the fridge .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person cut out the seeds from each half .
the person threw the middles into the trash .
the person sliced the pepper halves .
the person removed a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the pepper slices onto the plate .
the person ate person a slice .
the person placed the plate into the fridge .
the person entered .
the person took a yellow bell pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person placed a yellow bell pepper on a cutting board .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person seeded the pepper .
the person sliced both halves of the pepper into lengthwise strips .
the person put the strips on a small plate .
the person set the plate aside and into a cupboard .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person washed the pepper .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the stem .
the person threw the stem in the trash .
the person cut the pepper into strips .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the pepper slices on the plate .
the person put the plate of peppers in the cabinet .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet , .
the person removed a pepper .
the person closed the cabinet door .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person cleaned a pepper up .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the table .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person removed seeds .
the person tossed the scrap into the trash can .
the person sliced up the peppers more .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the peppers on the plate .
the person placed the plate back in the cabinet .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pepper from the cupboard .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person trimmed away the top of the pepper .
the person seeded the pepper .
the person put the trimmings in the waste bin .
the person cut the the pepper into slices on the cutting board .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the slices on the plate , .
the person carried the plate towards the cupboard .
the person put one slice in his mouth .
the person put the plate in the cupboard .
the person turned back toward the counter .
the person picked up the cutting board and knife .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a carrot from the fridge , .
the person rinsed a carrot in the sink .
the person grabbed a cloth from the cabinet .
the person collected a cutting board , knife , and shaver from the drawer .
the person placed the carrot on top of a cloth .
the person chopped the tip off the carrot , .
the person shaved the skin , .
the person discarded the skin in the trash .
the person sliced the carrot in half , .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces , .
a placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person got a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot under the faucet .
the person dried his hands on a dish towel .
the person got out a cutting board , knife and peeler .
the person cut the ends off of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw the ends and peeling into the garbage .
the person chopped up the carrot .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot under the faucet .
the person laid a carrot in the sink .
the person got a cutting board , knife and peeler from a drawer .
the person put the carrot on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off .
the person put the ends and peelings in the garbage .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a carrot in the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person set out a cutting board he took from a drawer .
the person used a knife to trim the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot with a peeler .
the person discarded the peelings and stem .
the person sliced the carrot lengthwise .
the person diced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person stepped back from the counter .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot in the sink .
the person used a towel to dry his hands .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , and peeler from the drawer .
the person trimmed the ends off of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person put the peels in the trash .
the person cut the carrot in half along its length .
the person sliced the carrot into smaller pieces .
the person walked into a dimly lit kitchen .
the person proceeded to make his way to the refrigerator .
the person brought out one carrot .
the person proceeded to wash one carrot .
the person opened two drawers producing a cutting board , knife , and vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the carrot for some time until he was satisfied with the results .
the person gathered the peels .
the person moved toward a trash can .
the person dumped the peels in .
the person returned to the newly peeled carrot .
the person proceeded to cut the newly peeled carrot into pieces .
the person was done slicing the carrot .
the person stood there appearing to talk to some unknown person .
the person got a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board , a knife , and a peeler from a drawer .
the person cut the ends from the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person placed the peels in the trash .
the person cut the carrot in half length wise .
the person cut the carrot into chunks .
the person grabbed a carrot .
the person washed a carrot off .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person tossed the carrot peelings in the trash .
the person diced the carrot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person got a cutting board , peeler and knife from under the counter .
the person cut off the ends of the carrot .
the person used the peeler to peel the carrot .
the person threw away the peels .
the person cut the carrot lengthwise and into small pieces .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , and peeler from the drawer .
the person cut the stem off the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw the carrot peeled in the garbage .
the person sliced the carrot into small pieces .
the person got a carrot from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person got a cutting board , a vegetable peeler , and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the ends off of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot with the peeler .
the person threw the peels in a trash can .
the person cut the carrot lengthwise .
the person diced the carrot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person went to the sink .
the person rinsed a carrot .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and potato peeler .
the person placed a cutting board , knife and potato peeler on the counter .
the person cut the ends of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw the potato peelings into the trash .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a carrot .
the person rinsed off the carrot .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person took out a peeler .
the person took out a knife .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot in the center .
the person cut the carrot .
the person walked in to the kitchen .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot off in the sink .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed a chopping board .
the person placed the chopping board on the counter .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed kitchen utensils .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person tossed the peels into the trash .
the person sliced the carrot in half .
the person took a carrots from the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot in the sink .
the person placed a cutting board , knife and vegetable peeler on the counter .
the person peeled the carrot with the vegetable peeler .
the person threw the carrot peeled into the trash .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a carrot out of the fridge .
the person rinsed the carrot using the sink .
the person pulled a cutting board and peeler out the drawer .
the person peeled the carrot using the peeler .
the person tossed the carrot skins in the garbage .
the person sliced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a carrot .
the person went to the sink .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person took out cutting board .
the person took out a knife and peeler .
the person cut off the end of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person disposed of the carrot ended and peel .
the person cut the carrot length wise .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a carrot .
the person pulled his sleeves up .
the person opened the tap .
the person washed the carrot .
the person wiped his hands with a towel hung in the side .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a chopping board .
the person placed a chopping board on the platform .
the person took out a peeler .
the person put a peeler on the towel .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the end parts of the carrot .
the person peeled off the carrot 's skin .
the person threw the carrot peeled into the dustbin .
the person cut the carrot along its length into two .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot in the sink .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person gathered a peeler and a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the end of the carrot off with the knife .
the person peeled the outside of the carrot away with the peeler .
the person discarded the peelings and carrot end .
the person sliced the carrot in half length-wise .
the person sliced the carrot halves horizontally into bits .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got cutting and a knife board from under the counter .
the person got a bowl and a plate from the pantry .
two carrots from the fridge .
the person cut the ends off the carrots .
the person used a peeler to peel the carrots over the bowl .
the person chopped the carrots into pieces .
the person put the carrots on the plate .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took a bowl and plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a bowl and plate on the counter .
the person pulled two carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person placed two carrots on the plate .
the person took a vegetable peeler from the drawer .
the person trimmed the ends off from each carrot using the knife and cutting board .
the person peeled each carrot .
the person put the peels in the bowl .
the person sliced both carrots .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person took a bowl and a plate from the cabinet .
the person took two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off of the carrots .
the person placed the ends in the bowl .
the person used the peeler to scrape the skin from the outside of the carrots .
the person scraped the skin into the bowl .
the person sliced the carrots into half inch slices .
the person placed the cut carrots onto the plate .
the person took out his cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a long sharp knife .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person removed a bowl .
the person sat a bowl on the counter .
the person went .
the person retrieved a plate from the cupboard and two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person placed a plate and two carrots on the counter .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person took out a vegetable peeler .
the person proceeded to chop off the ends of the carrots .
the person peeled the skin off the carrots over the bowl .
the person sliced the carrot into equal slices .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person got a bowl and a plate from the cabinet .
the person retrieved two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person removed a peeler from a drawer .
the person cut the ends from the carrots .
the person peeled the carrots into the bowl .
the person cut the carrots into chunks .
the person put the carrots on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a wooden cutting board from a large drawer .
the person pulled out a knife from the same drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person put a white bowl from a cupboard to the cutting board .
the person pulled out a white plate .
the person placed two carrots on the plate .
the person cut the ends off of the carrots .
the person peeled the carrots , .
the person let the peelings fall into the white bowl .
the person sliced both carrots with the knife on the cutting board .
the person transferred the sliced carrots from the cutting board to the white plate using his knife .
a piece of carrot fell off of the plate .
the person put a piece of carrot slice in the garbage bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person placed a bowl on the counter .
the person grabbed two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person put two carrots on a plate .
the person removed a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person chopped the edges off the carrots .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person chopped the carrots into pieces .
the person moved the chopped carrots to the plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person got a small bowl from the cupboard .
the person got a carrot and a peeler .
the person peeled the carrot over the small bowl .
the person put the carrot on the cutting board .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces with the knife .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person took a bowl and plate from the cabinet .
the person brought two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person placed two carrots on the plate .
the person trimmed the carrot .
the person placed the trimmings in the bowl .
the person peeled the carrots over the bowl with a peeler .
the person sliced the carrots into round slices .
the person placed the carrots on the plate .
the person stepped away from the counter .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed a knife on the board .
the person also placed a bowl on the counter .
the person grabbed a carrot .
the person used a peeler to peel the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot into pieces .
the person placed the carrot pieces on the plate .
the person got out a cutting board , a knife , and a bowl , .
the person placed a cutting board , a knife , and a bowl on the counter-top .
the person got out a plat , took two carrots from the refrigerator , .
the person put two carrots on the plate .
the person put the plate to the cutting board , .
the person got out a vegetable peeler , .
the person put the carrots on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off the carrots with the knife , .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person put the carrot peeled into the bowl .
the person put the carrots back on the cutting board .
the person sliced the carrots into rounds with the knife .
the person put the sliced carrots on a plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took out a bowl and plate from the cabinet .
the person also removed two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person took out a peeler from the drawer .
the person sliced the stemmed off the carrots .
the person peeled the carrots over the bowl .
the person sliced the carrots into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife from the drawer , .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person retrieve a bowl and a plate from the cabinet , .
the person grabbed two carrots from the fridge , .
the person placed two carrots on the plate .
the person grabbed a shaver from the drawer .
the person sliced the tips off the carrot .
the person shaved the skin off the carrots .
the person chopped the carrots into small pieces .
the person brushed the pieces onto the plate .
the person positioned the knife on the cutting board .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person grabbed a bowl and plate out of the cabinet .
the person grabbed a carrot out of the fridge .
the person placed the carrot onto the plate .
the person sliced the rest of the carrot on the cutting board .
the person peeled the carrot into the small bowl .
the person sliced the rest of the carrot on the cutting board .
the person placed the carrot pieces onto the white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered to carrots from the refrigerator and materials to prepare the carrots .
the person first got out a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person got a bowl from a cupboard , .
the person set the bowl down .
the person went back for a plate .
the person used the plate he retrieved the carrots from the refrigerator .
the person pulled a peeler out of a drawer .
the person put a peeler with his other items .
the person cut off the tops and bottoms of the carrots .
before peeling the carrots over the bowl .
pieces fell out of the bowl .
the person placed the pieces back in .
the person put a carrot down on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to chop the carrots into small discs .
the person moved the plate from the side of the cutting board to in front of the he plate .
the person used his hand and the knife he moved the chopped carrots to his plate .
some pieces fell off the plate .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl with the other discarded parts of the carrots .
the person wiped off the knife with his hand .
the person placed his knife onto the cutting board .
the person pulled the cutting board away from the plate .
the person walked away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered a knife , cutting board .
the person placed a knife , cutting board on the counter .
the person took two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person placed two carrots on the cutting board .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person cut the end from the carrots with a knife .
the person used a peeler to cut the outside away from the carrots .
the person cut the carrot into bits with the knife .
the person placed the carrots onto the plate .
the person spoke with someone off camera .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a bowl from a cabinet .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got two carrots from a refrigerator .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off of the carrots .
the person peeled the carrot with the peeler .
the person diced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person put the diced carrot on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a large cutting board from a drawer beneath a counter , as well as a large knife .
the person walked across the kitchen .
the person removed a plate and from the refrigerator he removed two carrots , .
the person removed a vegetable peeler .
the person used the knife the remove the ends of the carrots .
the person used the peeler to skin the carrots , .
the person placed the discarded skins into the small bowl .
the person placed the carrots onto the cutting board .
the person chopped the carrots into small pieces .
the person used the knife to transfer the chopped carrots to the plate .
the person spoke quickly to someone off camera .
first , the person opened up a drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person retrieved a large , black knife from the drawer .
the person placed a large black knife on the counter as well .
the person collected a bowl and a plate with two carrots on a plate from the refrigerator and a potato peeler from the drawer .
the person placed all of these items on the counter .
the person cut the ends off of the carrots .
the person placed the ends in the empty bowl .
the person skinned the carrots with the potato peeler over the bowl .
the person carefully diced the carrots with the large knife .
the person used the knife and his hand to transport the diced carrots back to the plate , .
the person discarded a few stray pieces that fell onto the counter top .
the person entered the room .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took a trencher .
the person opened a closet .
the person took a plate and a bowl .
the person took an mango from the fridge .
the person separated the label from the fruit .
the person threw the label in the garbage .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a peeler .
the person peeled the mango .
the person put the shells in the bowl .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took a knife .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person cut the small end of the fruit .
the person threw the small end of the fruit in the bowl .
the person made a cut around the center of the mango .
the person cut slices round the center of the fruit .
the person threw away the central part of the fruit .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person threw away the bigger end of the fruit .
the person cut the rest of the slices longways into smaller pieces .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a plate and bowl from the cabinet .
the person brought a mango from the refrigerator .
the person placed a mango on the cutting board .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the mango over the bowl .
the person took a knife from the drawer , .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person took the knife .
the person trimmed the mango .
the person cut strips of the mango away from the pit in rough slices .
the person put the scraps into the bowl .
the person sliced the mango into smaller slices .
the person moved some slices onto the plate with the knife .
the person pushed the plate forward .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a chopping board .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person retrieved a bowl and salad plate .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a mango .
the person took off the sale tag , .
the person carefully selected a parer .
the person carefully pared the mango , .
the person dropped the peel into the bowl .
the person selected a knife .
the person moved off to wash his hands .
dry his hands .
the person chopped of both ends of the mango .
the person cored the mango by slicing off chunks from all sides .
the person placed the mango core along with the peel in the bowl .
the person proceeded to cut the chunks into tinier strips .
the person was done , he transferred the mango strips unto the salad plate .
the person reached over the sink to wash his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a plate and a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person took an mango out of the refrigerator .
the person took a vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the mango into the bowl .
the person placed the peeled mango on the cutting board .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the ends off of the mango .
the person sliced the mango lengthwise like french fries .
the person discarded the center of the mango .
the person put the slices onto the plate .
the person took out a cutting board , plate and a bowl .
the person took out a mango from the refrigerator .
the person removed the price tag stuck to a mango .
the person took out a peeler .
the person skinned the mango with the skin falling into the bowl .
the person took out a big , sharp knife .
the person cut off the edges of the mango first .
the person cut the mango into long pieces , along the length of the mango , each piece being approximately the size of a french fry .
the person worked around a big seed of mango , .
sometimes cutting off a thicker piece .
the person threw the seed away .
the person cut a thicker piece to the size required .
in this manner , the person chopped up the whole mango into several long pieces , .
the person arranged the mango pieces on the plate .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a plate and bowl from a cabinet .
the person got a mango from the fridge .
the person peeled the mango into the bowl .
the person sliced the mango from the pit .
the person cut the mango into smaller pieces .
the person placed the mango on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a bowl and a plate .
the person put a bowl and a plate on the counter .
the person took a mango from the refrigerator .
the person threw the sticker in the trash .
the person got a vegetable peeler from the drawer .
the person rolled up his sleeves .
the person peeled the mango .
the person gathered the peelings into the bowl .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person put a knife on the cutting board .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut the end off of the mango .
the person cut the mango into pieces , avoiding the hard seed in the middle .
the person put the seed into the bowl .
the person cut the chunks of mango into smaller pieces .
the person put the pieces onto the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person walked to a cabinet .
the person got a plate and bowl .
the person sat the plate and bowl on the counter .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person got a papaya .
the person removed a sticker from the papaya .
the person sat the papaya on the cutting board .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled his papaya over the bowl .
from there , the person got a knife , .
the person washed his hands .
the person sliced the papaya from around the seed .
the person discarded the seed .
the person sliced the papaya from around the seed .
the person placed the slices of papaya on to the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person retrieved a bowl and a plate .
the person set a bowl and a plate on the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a mango , .
the person took off the mango 's sticker .
the person disposed of the sticker in the trash .
the person considered using a knife from the drawer , settled on a peeler instead .
the person peeled the mango .
the person collected the rinds in the bowl .
the person pulled out a knife from the drawer .
the person set a knife on the cutting board .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands , .
the person sliced the mango .
the person put the pit in the bowl and the cut up pieces on the plate .
the person went towards the sink , apparently to wash his hands , .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
from the pantry the person retrieved a plate and bowl .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a fruit .
the person took the sticker off the fruit .
the person threw the sticker away .
the person got a onion peeler from the drawer .
the person started peeling the fruit over the bowl .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person started slicing the fruit .
the person put the core of the fruit into the bowl with the shaved skin .
the person used the knife to transfer the sliced fruit from the cutting board to the plate .
the person got a cutting board , a plate , and a bowl from the cabinet .
the person got an mango from the refrigerator .
the person pulled a sticker off the mango .
the person put a sticker in a trash can .
the person got a knife and a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the mango with a vegetable peeler .
the person put the peels in the bowl .
the person cut off the ends of the mango .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person turned around .
the person opened up the cupboard .
the person removed a plate and bowl .
the person set a plate and bowl on the counter .
the person opened another cupboard .
the person grabbed a mango .
the person opened a drawer .
the person grabbed a peeler .
the person peeled the mango into the bowl .
the person cut off the ends of the mango .
the person cut the mango lengthwise .
the person transferred the mango to the plate using the knife and his hand .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board from a drawer .
the person turned around .
the person went to the cupboard to get a plate and a bowl .
the person went to the refrigerator , .
the person looked inside the refrigerator , .
the person took out a large , dark green and purple fruit .
the person removed the sticker .
the person discarded the sticker from the fruit .
the person placed the fruit on the cutting board .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the fruit , .
the person leaved the skin in the bowl .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut off both ends of the fruit .
the person sliced the fruit carefully lengthwise , avoiding the core .
the person discarded the core .
the person continued cutting the pieces of fruit into long sticks .
the person finished , he used the knife and his hands to move these long sticks of fruit onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate and bowl .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a mango .
the person peeled the mango into the bowl .
the person cut the mango into strips .
the person placed the strips of mango onto a plate .
the person came in the kitchen .
the person took out a slat .
a took a mango out of the fridge .
the person placed the mango on a slat .
in the first step the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the mango into stripes with a big knife .
in the end the person filled a bowl with these stripes .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took out a plate and bowl from the cabinet .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a fruit .
the person found a peeler , .
the person peeled the fruit .
the person peeled the fruit , .
the person washed his hands .
the person sliced the fruit .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a bowl and plate .
the person grabbed a vegetable from the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the vegetable .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the stem end off .
the person cut the vegetable on the cutting board .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person removed a cutting board from under the counter .
the person opened the cabinet , .
the person picked out a bowl and a plate .
the person searched the fridge .
the person removed a mango .
the person peeled the sticker off of the mango .
the person threw the sticker in the trash .
the person placed the down on the cutting board .
the person took a vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the mango , .
the person peeled the mango , .
the person left the skin in the bowl .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the stem end off .
the person sliced around the seed of the mango , .
slowly moved the mango around .
the person trimmed the flesh off the mango pit .
the person disposed of the seed into the bowl .
the person finished , he cut the mango sliced into smaller slices .
the person moved all the mango slices onto the plate .
the person washed his hands .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person got out a plate .
the person got out a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person cut the top off the pineapple .
the person cut the pine apple in half .
the person put on half aside .
the person cut the other half of the pineapple in half .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person cored the pineapple .
the person placed the pineapple on a plate .
the person repeated the process with the other half .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person the cut the pineapple into chunks .
the person put the pineapple on a plate .
the person removed a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed a plate from a cabinet .
the person removed a pineapple from a cabinet .
the person cut the top off of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut one half into quarters .
core from one quarter .
the person cut the peel .
the person repeated for the second quarter .
the person cut the other half into quarters .
the person cored the rest of the pineapple .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person the quarters of pineapple into chunks .
the person washed the knife .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a kitchen drawer .
the person took a shallow bowl and a pineapple from a cupboard .
the person placed the pineapple on the cutting board .
the person sliced the top off the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half length-wise .
the person halved one of these halves .
the person took one of these quarter pieces of pineapple .
the person sliced the bottom from the quater pieces of pineapple .
the person removed the skin from this quarter of the pineapple .
the person placed this skinned section into the bowl .
the person repeated the process with the other quarter piece .
the person repeated the process on the other half of the pineapple .
the person was done he had four pieces of pineapple in his bowl .
the person sliced each pineapple width-wise into smaller pieces .
the pineapple was completely sliced the person placed the pineapple all back into the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands and knife in the sink .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a pineapple from a refrigerator .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person took one half .
the person cut that in half .
the person cut the top and bottom off the pineapple quarter .
the person cut the skin off the pineapple quarter .
the person put the pineapple quarter on a plate .
the person cut the top and bottom off the second pineapple quarter .
the person skinned the pineapple quarter .
the person cut the other half of the pineapple in half .
the person cut the tops and bottoms off of the pineapple .
the person cut off the skin .
the person cut the pineapple into small chunks .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got a pineapple from the pantry .
the person cut the top from the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in quarters .
the person removed the core .
the person cut the skin from the pineapple .
the person prepared all the quarters the same .
the person put the pineapple on the plate .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person cut the pineapple into smaller pieces .
the person put the pineapple pieces on the plate .
the person washed his hands and the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife out from under the counter .
the person got a plate from the cabinet and a pineapple from the pantry .
the person cut the top off the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut one of the halves in half again .
the person took one of the quarters .
the person cut the core off the pineapple .
the person sliced the rind off the pineapple .
the person placed the cleaned piece of pineapple on the plate .
the person repeated the steps with the other three quarters of pineapple .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person cut each quarter of pineapple into cubes .
the person put the sliced pineapple on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person came to kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a knife and pad .
the person kept a knife and pad on kitchen platform .
person took a plate from shelf , .
the person took a pineapple from refrigerator .
the person removed shell of pineapple by using knife .
the person cleaned vegetable pad .
the person kept in a plate .
the person washed his hands under tap .
the person cleaned knife .
the person took vegetable pad into hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person pulled out a carving knife and cutting board .
the person went to the cupboard behind him .
the person got out a plate , .
the person went to another cupboard .
the person fetched a pineapple .
the person began by cutting off the top of the pineapple .
the person set the top of the pineapple aside .
the person halved the pineapple lengthwise , .
the person cut each half into quarters .
the person cut into the side and working the knife between the skin and the flesh of the fruit until he reached the other side .
the person began to prepare each quarter by removing the rind , .
the person trimmed away remaining bits of rind he moved on to the until all were done .
the person trimmed away remaining bits of rind he moved on to the until all were done .
once all four quarters were prepared the person rinsed the cutting board clean , .
the person cut the pineapple sections in half lengthwise again , into into quarter-inch segments .
the person finished cutting all of the pieces he transferred the cut pineapple to the plate .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board clean .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from under the countertop .
the person took out a pineapple from the pantry .
the person cut the top off the pineapple , .
the person split the pineapple into two halves .
the person cut one of the halves lengthwise , .
the person trimmed the top end and bottom ends off .
the person trimmed the skin off the pineapple , .
the person cut out the core .
the person placed the cleaned pineapple on a plate , .
the person repeated this procedure for the other pieces .
the person washed the cutting board in the sink .
the person cut each piece of pineapple in half , .
the person sliced both halves into small pieces .
the person was done , he moved all the pineapple pieces back onto the plate .
the person washed his hands and the knife .
the person placed a knife , plate and a cutting board on a counter .
the person peeled the pineapple with the knife .
the person sliced the pineapple into small chunks .
the person plated the pineapple .
the person washed his knife .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a pineapple and plate .
the person cut off the ends of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut the pineapple into fourths .
the person cut off the rind .
the person repeated with each fourth of the pineapple .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person cut the pineapple fourths into smaller chunks .
the person put the chunks of pineapple back onto the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person took out a cutting board and a chopper .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a pineapple from the shelf .
the person cut the crown off .
the person placed the crown vertically .
the person cut the crown in two .
the person took one of the halves .
the person cut the halves again vertically into two .
the person took one of these vertical pieces .
the person cut off around half an inch off both ends .
the person placed the piece vertically .
the person sliced through the fruit , a little away from the rind .
by doing so , the person easily did away with the rind .
the person held the piece vertically .
the person sliced off a thin portion of the inner side of the pineapple , along its length .
the person placed this big piece of pineapple on the plate .
the person repeated the similar procedure with the other three pieces .
the person took each of these big pieces .
the person cut each of these big pieces in half vertically .
the person held the piece horizontally , .
the person cut around half a centimeter thick slices .
the person arranged all the slices pieces on a plate .
the person took out a chopping board , a knife and a large plate .
the person fetched a pineapple from a cupboard .
the person cut off the leaves from the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple from top to bottom into two halves .
the person cut one half into quarters , .
the person cut off both ends .
the person removed the skin with the knife .
the person continued to do this until four quarters were peeled , .
the person stood each one upright and cut off the center .
the person cut each piece in half down it was length .
before chopping each piece into neat pieces .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened the kitchen drawer , .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person opened the cupboard , .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person opened the fridge , .
the person took out a pineapple .
the person placed a pineapple on the cutting board .
the person cut the top off of the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple in half .
the person took one half of the pineapple , .
the person sliced the pineapple in half , .
the person cut off the edges .
the person cut the skin off of the pineapple .
the person placed the pineapple in a plate .
the person took the other half of the pineapple , .
the person cut off the edges and skin .
the person placed the pineapple in the plate .
the person took the remaining half of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person took one half of the pineapple .
the person cut off the edges .
the person cut the skin off of the pineapple , .
the person placed the pineapple in the plate .
the person cut off the edges .
the person rinsed the cutting board over the sink .
the person diced the pineapple pieces on the cutting board .
the person placed the diced pineapple on the plate , .
the person rinsed his hands , .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a plate from a cabinet .
the person placed the plate on the counter to a cutting board .
the person selected a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person placed a pineapple on the cutting board , .
the person picked up a knife .
the person cut the top off the pineapple , .
the person cut the pineapple in half , from top to bottom .
the person cut one half of the pineapple lengthwise down the middle .
the person moved all the pineapple off the board , except one of the split halves .
the person cut the ends off the pineapple segment .
the person removed the skin with the knife , .
the person placed the pineapple on the plate .
the person repeated the process until the entire pineapple was cut into four large pieces .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board back on the counter .
the person cut one of the four segments in half , .
the person cut that into smaller chunks .
the person repeated this step for the remaining three larger pieces .
the person moved the pineapple to the plate , .
before the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
white plate out the cabinet .
the person grabbed a pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple into big chunks on the cutting board .
the person placed pieces of the pineapple onto the white plate .
the person sliced the big chunks into little pieces .
the person placed the little pieces of pineapple onto the cutting board .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person cut off the top the the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut off the outer skin of the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person diced the pineapple .
the person placed the diced pineapple on a plate .
the person got a cutting board and a large knife out of the drawer .
the person got a dinner plate out of a cupboard .
the person took a pineapple from another cupboard .
the person placed the pineapple on the board .
the person sliced the green part off .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut one half in half again .
the person cut the ends off .
the person cut the ends off .
center from each section of pineapple .
the person put the cleaned pineapple on the plate .
the person sliced the center off as well .
the person washed off the board .
the person diced up the pineapple into small chunks .
the person put the pineapple back on the plate .
the person washed his hands and knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , plate and a pineapple .
the person cut the top off of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut one half into two , .
the person cut the core off of each quarter .
the person cut the skin off .
the person halved the other portion .
the person sliced the core off .
the person peeled the core .
the person put each quarter onto the plate .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person diced each quarter , .
the person placed the pieces back onto the plate .
the person halved .
the person quartered one half of the pineapple .
the person proceeded to cut the ends off the quarter .
skin the quater .
the person leaved the rest of the quarter in a plate .
the person skinned the other quarter .
the person proceeded to the half , .
the person quartered the half .
the person skinned the half .
the person cut the pointed tips off each slice .
the person cut each quarter lengthwise .
the person sliced each quater .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got garlic from a cabinet .
the person smashed the garlic with the knife .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person also took out a large knife .
the person went to the cabinet for a plate .
the person went into the other cabinet .
the person took out two cloves of garlic .
the person peeled the outer layers .
the person placed the outer layers on the plate .
the person finely chopped the garlic .
the person balled up the pieces .
the person chopped the pieces again from a different angle .
the person repeated the chopping step again .
the person put the knife down .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a wooden cutting board and a large knife .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person picked out a small plate and a clove of garlic .
the person left two garlic cloves on the plate .
the person peeled the cloves apart , .
the person returned the rest to the cupboard .
the person removed the outer husk from the garlic cloves .
the person crushed a clove under the side of the knife .
the person cut the ends from each clove .
the person chopped up both of the cloves into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the pantry , .
the person retrieved a plate and garlic , .
the person brought a plate and garlic to the counter .
the person used the flat of the knife to smash the garlic .
subsequently , the person peeled the garlic over the plate .
the person used the knife to dice the garlic on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person assembled his materials : knife , cutting board , plate and garlic .
the person smashed the cloves on the board with the broad knife blade , .
the person removed the husks from the garlic bulb and separated the garlic cloves .
the person peeled the cloves .
the person removed the cloves ' ends , .
finely chopped the cloves .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person retrieved a plate and a few garlic cloves from the cabinets .
the person returned to the counter .
the person cleaned the garlic .
the person placed the skin and trimmings on the plate .
the person chopped the garlic on the cutting board .
the person cleaned the garlic stuck to the knife with his fingers .
the person stepped away from the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person grabbed a plate and garlic from the cabinets .
the person put the garlic on the plate .
the person broke the garlic into cloves with his hands .
the person crushed the garlic cloves with the side of the knife .
the person removed the skin of the garlic .
the person put the skin on the plate .
the person chopped the garlic into very small pieces on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and plate out .
the person grabbed a head of garlic from the pantry .
the person put the cloves onto the plate .
the person took some cloves off a head of garlic .
the person put the rest of the garlic head back in the pantry .
the person crushed the cloves under the knife on the cutting board .
the person peeled the skin off the cloves .
the person put the skin on the plate .
finely chopped the garlic cloves on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a wooden cutting board from the drawer .
the person took out a broad-bladed chopping knife from another drawer .
the person placed a broad-bladed chopping knife on the board .
the person proceeded to get a dish and a garlic bulb from the cabinets behind him .
the person removed two cloves from the bulb .
the person proceeded the put the garlic bulb back in the cabinet .
the person pressed the broad knife on the cloves to slightly mash the cloves .
the person peeled the cloves .
the person placed the skin into the dish .
the person chopped the cloves on the cutting board .
the person cleaned the chopped garlic pieces that were stuck to the knife using his fingers .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife -lrb- chopper -rrb- .
the person took out a pod of garlic and a plate .
the person separated two cloves from the pod of garlic .
the person crushed each pod gently with the chopper blade .
the person peeled off the skin .
the person cut the tips off each pod .
the person minced the peeled pods of garlic into tiny pieces .
the person chopped the garlic roughly .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , bowl , and two cloves of garlic .
the person pressed the garlic against the cutting board using the flat part of the knife , .
the person peeled more skin off the cloves over the bowl .
the person peeled the garlic over the bowl .
the person diced up the garlic using the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the table .
the person removed a garlic clove from the cabinet .
the person picked up the garlic .
the person placed a garlic clove on the cutting board .
the person removed one of the sections .
the person placed the rest of the garlic back in the cabinet .
the person placed the section on the cutting board .
the person picked up the knife .
the person pealed off the outer covering of the section .
the person diced the section .
the person turned the section .
the person diced the garlic section again .
the person moved the diced pieces to the center of the board .
the person laid the knife down .
the person moved away from the counter .
a young person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the kitchen counter .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person opened the cabinet behind him , .
the person extracted a bowl and garlic clove .
the person placed the bowl and garlic clove on the counter to the cutting board .
the person replaced the unused portion in the cabinet .
the person crushed the garlic with the broad side of the knife .
the person peeled part of the garlic , .
the person chopped the garlic into small squares , .
the person chopped the garlic several times .
i person walked into a kitchen .
the person set a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got some garlic and a small plate .
the person set the garlic on the plate by the cutting board .
the person removed two cloves of garlic from the bulb .
the person set the cloves on the cutting board .
the person used the flat edge of the knife to crush the cloves of garlic .
the person removed the skins from the crushed cloves .
the person returned the peeled cloves to the cutting board .
the person cut the ends from the garlic cloves .
the person moved the cut ended back to the plate .
the person finely chopped the peeled cloves of garlic .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person put a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person took a plate and a clove of garlic from a cabinet .
the person set the plate on the counter .
the person removed two pieces of the garlic from the clove .
the person put the rest of the clove back into the cabinet .
the person put the pieces of garlic on the cutting board .
the person pressed the broad side of the knife onto the garlic pieces to crush them .
the person removed the peel from the pieces of garlic .
the person took off any remaining pieces of peel .
the person put the peel onto the plate .
the person put the pieces of the peel on the plate .
the person cut the edges off the pieces of garlic on the cutting board .
the person diced the garlic .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a large cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person got out a large knife .
the person placed a large knife on the board .
the person got a bulb of garlic and a shallow dish from the pantry .
the person left two garlic cloves behind .
the person broke apart the garlic bulb over the dish .
the person put the bulb back in the pantry .
the person used the knife to compress the cloves .
the person removed the skin from the cloves .
the person discarded the skin in the dish .
the person used the knife to remove the ends of the cloves .
the person diced the garlic cloves .
the person wiped the knife clean .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife , and a plate .
the person grabbed a bulb of garlic from the pantry , .
the person took a few cloves , .
the person put the garlic bulb back .
the person smashed the garlic cloves on the cutting board .
the person peeled the garlic cloves over the plate .
the person cut off the ends .
the person minced the garlic on the cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person removed a large knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person removed garlic .
the person peeled a piece of the garlic off .
the person put the rest back in the cabinet .
the person mashed two cloves of garlic with the knife .
the person peeled the skin off the garlic cloves .
the person diced the garlic into small pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person reached inside a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from the drawers under the counter .
the person placed the knife on top of the cutting board .
the person took a plate from a cupboard .
the person removed a garlic bulb from a cupboard .
the person took two cloves from the bulb .
the person replaced the rest of the bulb in the cupboard .
the person tried to peel the cloves .
the person crushed the cloves with the side of the knife blade .
the person peeled the cloves .
the person chopped up the cloves finely on the cutting board .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a bowl and some garlic from the cabinet .
the person removed two cloves of garlic .
the person put the rest back .
the person peeled the garlic cloves onto the plate .
the person cut the ends off the garlic .
the person chopped the garlic .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person retrieved garlic from another cupboard .
the person broke two cloves off of the garlic .
the person peeled the two cloves .
the person squished the garlic cloves with the flat side of the knife .
the person peeled the cloves again .
the person chopped the tips off of the cloves .
the person chopped the garlic cloves .
the person piled up the diced garlic on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person grabbed a toaster .
the person took the bread from the fridge .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person took the plate out of the cabinet .
the person washed the plate .
the person dried the plate .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a toaster out the bottom drawer .
the person pulled up the outlet from the counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took a loaf of bread out .
the person took two slices of bread out .
the person put the bread back in the refrigerator .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person pushed the lever down on the toaster .
the person put his hand over the toaster .
the toast popped up .
the person opened the bottom drawers and several cabinets .
the person took a plate out the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person dried a plate off .
the person put two slices of toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person pushed the outlet down .
the person got the toaster from the cabinet .
the person put the toaster on the counter .
the person tested the toast lever on the toaster .
the person raised the electrical outlet , .
the person did not plug in the toaster .
the person got the bread package from the refrigerator .
the person put the bread on the counter .
the person opened the bread package .
the person took out two slices .
the person put the slices inside the regirgerator .
the person closed the bread package .
the person returned the package to the refrigerator .
the person put the bread into the toaster .
the person depressed the toast lever twice .
the person plugged the toaster into the electrical outlet .
the person depressed the toast lever again , using both thumbs until the lever engaged .
the person checked the settings knob on the toaster .
the person waited with his hands in his trouser pockets .
the person waited , he looked at his cell phone , .
the person put his hand above the toaster to feel the heat .
the person used the toast settings knob , he ended the toast cycle .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed a plate .
the person dried a plate in the sink .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person lowered the electric outlet .
a young person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened first one drawer .
another beneath a counter space .
the person pulled out a toaster .
the person checked the toaster mechanisms .
the person pulled up an electrical outlet tower .
the person went to a refrigerator , .
the person opened a refrigerator .
the person looked around .
the person took out a packet of sliced bread .
the person took out two slices .
very carefully closed the bread packet .
before returning the bread to the refrigerator .
the person took his bread slices to the toaster .
the person put the bread sliced into the toaster .
the person checked the mechanism again .
before plugging the toaster in .
the person turned on the toaster .
the person stood by the counter , .
the person watched the toaster .
the person also checked his cell phone several times .
a final check of the phone .
the person pushed up the mechanism to pop the toast .
the person went to the cabinets behind him .
before finding a plate .
the person took out the plate .
the person washed the plate .
the person dried the plate .
gently placed his toast on the plate .
the person held the toast by the edges as if the toast was hot .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person pushed the outlet tower back down .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person opened a loaf of bread .
the person grabbed two slices .
the person placed the loaf back in the fridge .
the person placed the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person waited for the toaster to finish .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person wiped the plate off with a towel .
the person placed the toast onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person checked the side of the toaster .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed some bread from the loaf .
the person replaced the loaf back into the refrigerator .
the person placed the bread into the toaster .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person waited on the bread to finish toasting .
the person removed a plate .
the person rinsed a plate off .
the person dried off the plate .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person took a toaster out of a drawer .
the person took two slices of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person toasted the bread .
the person took a plate out of the pantry .
the person rinsed a plate off .
the person dried the plate .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person pulled out the toaster from the cabinet .
the person tested the toaster lever .
the person made sure the toast plug would fit into the electrical outlet .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person placed two pieces of bread into the slots of the toaster .
the person tested the lever again .
the person plugged the toaster plug into the electrical outlet .
the person pushed down the lever to start heating up the toaster .
the person waited about a minute for the bread to toast .
the person pulled up the lever once he thought the toast was done .
the person went over to the cabinet on the opposite side to try to find a plate .
once the person found a plate .
the person brought the plate over to the sink to wipe the plate off with a rag .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
some searching , .
the person retrieved a two-slice toaster from a cabinet .
the person placed a two-slice toaster on a counter .
the person raised the recessed electrical sockets on the counter .
the person got a loaf of bread from the refrigerator , .
the person opened a loaf of bread .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person reclosed the loaf .
the person returned the loaf to the refrigerator .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person tried to push the toaster handled down they would n't stay down .
the handled still would n't remain down , and so the person adjusted the knobs on the toaster .
the person pushed the handled on the toaster .
the person waited for the toast .
the person looked at his cellphone , .
the person placed his hand over the toaster slots checking for heat to make sure the toaster was on .
fiddles with the toaster dials , .
the person checked the heat again , .
just stared at the toaster .
the person searched cabinets .
until the person found a plate , .
the person dried the plate .
before placing the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster , .
just stood there .
hands in pockets .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed two pieces of bread from a loaf .
the person placed the two pieces of bread into the toaster .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the toast onto a plate .
the person got a toaster from a drawer .
the person got two slices of bread from a refrigerator .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person dried the plate .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person entered the room .
the person searched through drawers under the counter .
the person pulled out a toaster .
the person set a toaster on the counter .
the person struggled to depress the toaster .
the person pulled the electric plug out of the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person pulled out a loaf of bread .
the person opened a loaf of bread .
the person took out two slices .
the person closed the fridge .
the person returned to the counter .
the person put the slices in the toaster , .
again struggled to depress the toaster .
the person pluged the toaster in .
the person successfully started toasting his bread .
the person checked his phone he waited several times , .
the person checked his phone one last time .
the person turned the toaster off .
the person searched through many drawers .
until the person found a plate .
the person rinsed the plate off in the sink , .
the person dried the plate with a rag .
the person took the toast out of the toaster .
one slice at a time .
the person unplugged the toaster , .
the person depressed the electric outlet .
the person entered the kitchen set .
the person removed a toaster from the cabinet under the counter .
the person placed a toaster on top .
the person checked the lever on the toaster .
the person raised an electrical post with an ac socket .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out some bread .
the person opened the package .
the person removed two slices of bread .
the person closed the package .
the person put the bread back in the refrigerator .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person tried to push the lever down .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person pushed the lever down .
the person pulled out his cell phone .
occasionally pulling out his cell phone .
the person popped the lever revealed the toasted bread .
the person looked for a plate in the cabinets .
the person rinsed a plate off .
the person dried off the plate .
the person put the toasted bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person pushed the electrical post down .
the person withdrew a toaster from the drawer .
the person pulled up a built in outlet on the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person pulled out a loaf of bread .
the person extracted two slices of bread .
the person reclosed the loaf .
the person retrieved the slices he placed on the shelf .
the person put the slices in the toaster .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person set the toast to cook .
the person waited for the toast to finish .
the person put his hand over the toaster .
with his other hand the person glanced at his phone .
the person stopped the toaster .
the person went to look for a plate in the cupboards .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person dried a plate to put the toast on .
the person put the toast on the plate , .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got the toaster out .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got out a loaf of bread .
the person took two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person put the loaf back int he fridge .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person checked his phone .
the person waited .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person dried the plate with a towel .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put a toaster onto the counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got two pieces of bread .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person plugged up the toaster .
the person pushed down the lever on the toaster .
the person took out his cellphone .
the person checked the cellphone .
the person waited for the toast .
the person checked the toaster .
the person checked his cellphone again .
once the toast popped up .
the person looked through several drawers and cabinets .
the person found a plate in a cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person wiped the plate with a rag .
the person took the toast from the toaster .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person retrieved a toaster from the drawer , .
the person placed a toaster on the counter top .
the person checked the operation of the spring lever .
the young person pulled the electrical outlet up from the counter top .
the young person went into the refrigerator .
the person grabbed two slices of bread .
the person placed the two slices into the toaster .
the person tried to start the operation of the toaster without plugging in the toaster .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person made adjustments to get the toaster operational .
the person pushed the lever down on the toaster to allow the bread to begin the toasting process .
the person checked his phone for the time .
the person checked the warmth of the machine as he placed his hand over the toaster a few times .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person rinsed a plate off .
the person plated the two pieces of toast .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a toater .
the person pushed the lever up and down a couple times .
the person pulled up the outlet from the counter top .
the person went to the refridgerator .
the person got out some bread .
the person put the bread away .
the person took the bread back over to the toaster .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person tried to push the lever down could n't .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person pushed down the lever .
the person waited for the toast to finish .
the person looked at his phone .
the person put his hand over the toaster to see if the toaster was hot .
the person put his hand over the toaster again .
the person checked his phone again .
the toast popped up .
the person looked through the cupboards for a plate .
the person washed a plate off .
the person dryed a plate .
the person put the toast on the plate .
unpluged the toaster .
the person took a toaster from a drawer .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person tested the spring mechanism in the toaster .
the person pulled up an electrical plug .
the person started to plug in the toaster .
the person dropped the plus .
the person went to a refrigeration cabinet .
the person removed a bag of sliced bread .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person replaced the sealed bag .
the person dropped the slices of bread into the toaster .
the person attempted to depress the spring mechanism .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person wrestled with the spring mechanism .
the person turned on the toaster .
the person rubbed his hands together .
the person put his hands in his pockets .
the person waited .
the person waited .
the person checked his phone repeatedly .
the person shifted from foot to foot , .
the person checked the heat from the toaster with his palms .
the person forced the spring mechanism up .
the person searched cabinets and drawers .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person removed the toasted bread to the plate , .
unplugged the toaster , .
the person took a pomegranate out of the fridge , .
also took out a bowl and a plate from the cupboard .
the person put the pomegranate in the bowl , .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person took a cutting board and two knives out from under the counter .
the person cut the flower end off the pomegranate , .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half .
the person separated the halves .
the person cut the halves into quarters .
the person drained the juice into the bowl .
the person cut the quarters into eighths .
the person used the other knife .
the person scraped out the arils of the pomegranate .
the person used a spoon to remove leftover bits of the white part .
the person washed the cutting board and knives in the sink , .
the person threw away the inedible part of the pomegranate .
the person rinsed off the plate .
the person dumped the arils onto the plate .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person put the bowl back , .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a plate and a small bowl .
the person placed the pomegranate into the bowl .
the person placed the plate into the counter .
the person went back .
the person turned on the faucet .
the person rinsed the pomegranate .
the person drained the bowl of water , .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a chopping board and two knives .
the person proceeded to cut the crown and bottom off .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half .
the person let the juice leak on the small bowl .
the person proceeded to cut the pomegranate into four slices and again into smaller sizes .
the person placed the pomegranate on the plate .
the person took the bowl with the pomegranate juice in the bowl .
carefully took out the pomegranate seeds .
the person dropped the pomegranate seeds onto the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took out a spoon from one of the drawers .
the person used the spoon to scoop pomegranate membranes that dropped in the bowl along with the pomegranate seeds .
the person rinsed the two knives .
the person placed the two knives back into the drawer where he got them .
the person proceeded to wash the chopping board .
the person placed the chopping board back into the drawer where he got it .
the person opened a small cabinet .
the person threw the rest of the pomegranate into the trash bin .
the person rinsed the plate , .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person transferred the pomegranate seeds from the bowl into the plate .
the person washed the bowl .
the person placed the bowl back into the cabinet , .
the person took a small towel .
the person wiped the counter .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person took out a red fruit .
the person took a plate and bowl from the cabinet .
the person dumped something on the plate into the sink .
the person washed the fruit at the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and two knives from below the counter top .
the person cut the fruit into pieces into the bowl and onto the plate .
the person continued cutting the fruit up .
the person washed his hands .
the person washed the knives and cutting board off .
the person put the knives and cutting board away .
the person dumped the food scraps into the garbage .
the person washed the plate .
the person transferred the fruit from the bowl to the plate with the spoon .
the person washed the bowl .
the person put the bowl back in the cabinet .
the person dried the counter top off .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person put the pomegranate into a bowl .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person took out a cutting board and two knives from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person let some of the seeds drained into the bowl .
the person cut the pomegranate into smaller chunks , .
each time the person dumped scraped the seeds into the bowl using the knives .
the person washed his hands .
the person washed all the utensils except for the bowl of pomegranate seeds .
the person threw away the pomegranate chunks .
the person took fruit from the refrigerator .
the person prepared a dish .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a pomegranate .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person took out a bowl and a plate .
the person put the pomegranate into the bowl .
the person brought the pomegranate to the sink .
the person rinsed the pomegranate the pomegranate was in the bowl .
the person placed the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person cut off the ends .
the person cut the fruit into wedges .
the person drained the juice into the bowl .
the person placed the pieces in the plate .
the person placed the pieces into the plate , .
the person began to pick the pomegranate seeds out of the pomegranate .
the person put the pomegranate seeds in the bowl .
the person picked the extra pieces of skin out of the bowl with a spoon .
the person was done , he collected the pieces of skin on the plate .
the person began to clean up the utensils and cutting board .
the person threw the skin into the garbage .
the person cleaned the plate .
last , the person transferred the seeds to the plate , .
the person cleaned the bowl , .
the person put the bowl away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a pomegranate from the refrigerator as well as a bowl and a plate .
the person washed the pomegranate in the bowl .
the person took out a circular cutting board and two knives .
first the person cut off the crown and the bottom part of the pomegranate .
the person set the crown and the bottom part of the pomegranate aside .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half , .
the person made sure to capture the exposed juice in the bowl .
the person sliced the halves in half .
the person sliced the quarters in half .
the person used the knife and dislodged the seeds from each piece .
the person took out a spoon .
the person washed the knives , .
the person put the knives away , .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person threw away the peel , .
the person washed the plate .
the person dumped the seeds from the bowl onto the plate .
the person washed the bowl , .
the person put the bowl away , .
the person took a rag .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person entered .
the person went directly to the fridge .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person continued to the cabinet .
the person took out a bowl , .
into a bowl the person placed the pomegranate .
the person also took out a plate .
the person returned .
the person went to the sink .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in the bowl .
the person rolled up his sleeves , .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person drained the bowl of water .
the person cut off the ends of the pomegranate .
the person sliced down the middle .
the person cut the halves into smaller pieces .
halfway through slicing , the person moved the pomegranate to the bowl to catch the juice .
the person proceeded to deseed the pieces into the bowl , .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink , .
the person picked out pieces of rind from the bowl with a spoon .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person rummaged in the refrigerator .
the person withdrew an pomegranate .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person got out a plate and bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water at the sink .
the person rinsed the pomegranate .
the person set the bowl down .
the person pulled up his sleeves .
the person got out a round cutting board and two knives .
the person cut the top off the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person put the fruit in the bowl .
the person split the fruit open .
the person put half the fruit on the cutting board .
the person began cutting the fruit some more .
the person extracted seeds from each section of fruit into the bowl .
the person cleaned the utensils .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person threw away the pulp .
the person emptied the seeds onto the plate .
the person cleaned the bowl .
the person put away the bowl , .
the person wiped the counter .
the person got a pomegranate out of the drawer in the fridge .
the person got a plate out of the cupboard .
the person washed the pomegranate in a bowl .
the person got out a round cutting board and two knives .
the person cut the pomegranate top off .
the person cut the pomegranate in half in the bowl .
the person pulled the pomegranate apart .
the person cut the pomegranate into quarters .
the person put the seeds in a bowl .
the person removed the seeds from the pomegranate using a knife .
the person put the skin on the plate .
the person sorted the edible stuff from the trash .
the person cleaned the knives .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person threw out the trash .
the person washed the plate .
the person put the seeds in the plate .
the person washed he bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person got a bowl and plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the pomegranate at the sink .
the person rolled up his sleeves .
the person got a cutting board and two knives from under the counter .
the person cut the top and bottom off the pomegranate .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half .
the person cut the halves in half again .
the person placed the halves on the plate .
the person took each quarter .
the person cut each quarter in half as well .
the person took each piece of pomegranate .
the person scraped the seeds out of each piece of pomegranate and into the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person used the spoon to get bad pieces out of the bowl of pomegranate seeds .
the person rinsed the knives and cutting board .
the person put the knives and cutting board away .
the person threw the pomegranate rind away .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person poured the pomegranate seeds onto the plate .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person put away the bowl .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a bowl .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed the pomegranate in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and two knives .
the person cut off the ends of the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person cut the pomegranate into smaller pieces .
the person removed the seeds from each piece of pomegranate .
the person put the pomegranate seeds into a bowl .
the person used a knife to pry out seeds .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knives .
the person disposed of the pomegranate husk .
the person put the pomegranate seeds onto the plate .
the person looked for a .
the person found a pomegranate in the fridge .
the person got a bowl and a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the pomegranate in the bowl .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in the bowl .
the person rolled his sleeves up .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person got two knives .
the person put two knives on the board .
the person cut the ends off the pomegranate , .
the person cut the whole pomegranate in half , .
the person caught the juice in the bowl .
the person repeated this process as he continued to section the pomegranate .
the person tapped one section of the pomegranate over the bowl .
the person picked the seeds out with the knife .
the person also used his hands .
the person tidied up .
before putting all the seeds from the bowl into a plate .
the person grabbed a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person place the pomegranate in the bowl .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person drained the pomegranate in the bowl .
the person took out a cutting board and some knives .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half .
the person cut the halves into smaller pieces .
the person removed the seeds .
the person placed the prepared pomegranate in a bowl .
the person washed his utensils , .
the person threw away his trash .
the person placed the finish product on a plate .
the person wiped the counter .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took pomegranate from refrigerator .
the person took a bowl and a plate from shelf .
the person cleaned the pomegranate with water in bowl .
the person took two knives and one pad from drawer .
the person did cut pomegranate into two pieces in bowl .
the person removed pomegranate nuts from the pomegeranate into bowl .
the person took a spoon from drawer .
separated waste from nuts in bowl .
the person cleaned knives and pad with water .
the person replaced the knives and pad in drawer .
the person thrown waste in plate into drawer .
the person cleaned the plate .
the person shifted nuts from bowl to plate with spoon .
the person cleaned bowl .
the person replaced the bowl in shelf .
the person cleaned platform with cloth .
the person cleaned his hands with water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person selected a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person got a bowl and a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the pomegranate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person pulled the pomegranate in half .
the person placed the pomegranate on a plate .
the person cut each half of the pomegranate into four pieces .
the person took each piece of fruit .
the person shook the pulp and seeds into the bowl .
the person used the knife to remove the seeds and pulp from the rind of the pomegranate .
the person used a spoon to remove any small pieces of rind that fell into the bowl of seeds and pulp .
the person threw away the rinds .
the person poured the bowl of seeds and pulp onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed pomegranate from refrigerator .
the person picked plate and bowl from cupboard .
the person washed the pomegranate in sink .
the person drained the water out the bowl .
the person took cutter board and two paring knife from drawer .
the person placed the pomegranate in cutter board .
the person cut the top and bottom .
the person cut the pomegranate into halves .
the person moved the pomegranate to the bowl , .
the red sticky dripped out in bowl .
the person cut the two halves pomegranate into small pieces .
the person tapped the knife gently to out the arils .
the person scraped the knife gently .
the person removed the arils .
the person removed the seeds gently from every pieces .
the person took spoon from drawer .
the person removed the white fibers and waste from bowl .
the person washed the knife and cutter board .
the person placed the cutter board inside the drawer .
the person discard the skin , white fiber .
the person washed the plate .
the person moved the arils from bowl to plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person opened up the cabinet .
the person pulled out a plate and bowl .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person closed the cabinet .
the person rinsed off the pomegranate .
the person pulled out some knives and a chopping board .
the person sliced the ends off the pomegranate .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half .
the person sliced the halves into smaller pieces .
the person deseeded the pomegranate .
the person let the pomegranate fall into the bowl .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person pulled out a spoon from the drawer .
the person cleaned the pomegranate in the bowl .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed pomegranate out the fridge .
the person placed the pomegranate into the white bowl .
the person rinsed the pomegranate using the sink .
the person sliced the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person placed the pomegranate onto a white plate .
the person scraped the arils off the pomegranate using the knife .
the person rinsed off his hands using the sink .
the person placed the leftover pieces of pomegranate into the garbage .
the person placed the arils onto a white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a plate and a bowl from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the pomegranate inside the bowl at the sink .
the person rolled up his sleeves .
the person grabbed a cutting board and two knives from a drawer .
the person cut off both ends of the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person opened the pomegranate over the bowl .
the person let the juice drip inside of the pomegranate .
the person cut the halves into quarters .
the person cut two of the quarters , .
the person cut two of the quarters in half .
the person poured any juice in the bowl .
the person removed the pomegranate seeds by hitting the skin of the pomegranate with the side of the blade and the handle over the bowl .
occasionally removed the seeds by hand .
the person removed any remaining seeds by scraping the inside of the pomegranate with the knife .
the person washed his hands .
the person grabbed a ladle from a drawer .
the person removed any pomegranate inside the bowl with the ladle .
the person put the pomegranate on the plate with the rest of the skin .
the person washed both knives and the cutting board at the sink .
the person threw the skin in the trash .
the person washed the plate .
the person poured the pomegranate seeds on the plate .
the person washed the bowl .
the person walked in the kitchen , .
the person retrieved a knife and a cutting board from the drawer , .
the person placed a knife and a cutting board on the counter .
the person obtained a smaller knife and a bowl from the kitchen drawer .
the person grabbed three herbs from the fridge , .
the person tossed the wrappers in the trash .
the person pulled some from the containers , .
the person sliced the stemmed off the herbs , .
the person placed the stemmed in the bowl , .
the person rinsed the leaves .
the person emptied the herbs onto the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs into small pieces .
the person tossed the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person placed the knife in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and bowl from under the counter .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person put the herbs to the cutting board .
the person took some herbs from each bundle .
the person put some pieces in the bowl .
the person put away the rest of the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs he kept out .
the person threw away the contents of the bowl .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces .
the person put the sliced herbs into the bowl .
the person placed a cutting board , knife and bowl on the counter .
the person grabbed three herbs from the refrigerator .
the person returned the extra herbs to the refrigerator .
the person separated the herbs from their stemmed .
the person washed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person scraped the herbs into a bowl .
the person washed the dishes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board , bowl , and a large and small knife from the drawer .
the person removed two herb plants and a bundle of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person took some herb from the bundle .
the person placed some herb on the cutting board .
the person cut some of the herbs from both of the plants .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board as well .
the person returned both plants and the bundle of herbs to the refrigerator .
the person removed unwanted parts from the herbs .
the person placed the unwanted parts aside .
the person rinsed all of the herbs in the sink .
the person chopped up the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person opened the drawer to the counter .
the person began to look for cooking utensils .
the person pulled out two knifes , a bowl and a cutting board .
the person laid two knifes , a bowl and a cutting board on the counter top .
the person went to his refrigerator .
the person took out a three different types of herbs .
the person took portions of the different types of herbs .
the person placed some in the bowl and some parts on the cutting board .
the person got the portions he needed , .
the person placed the remaining herbs back in the refrigerator .
the person returned to the counter .
separated portions of the herbs lying on the cutting board again .
the person put some portions in the bowl .
the person threw the portions of the herbs in the bowl away .
the person very thoroughly diced the herbs up .
the person put the herbs into the bowl he used earlier for the unused portions of the herbs .
the person washed the cutting board in the sink .
the person got a cutting board a knife and a bowl from a drawer .
the person removed three bunches of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed some herbs from each bunch .
the person put the rest back in the fridge .
the person removed the stemmed from the herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person placed the herbs in a bowl .
the person got two knives , a cutting board , and a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person picked the herbs .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person cut the stemmed off the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs in a sink .
the person threw the stemmed in the trash can .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the chopped herbs into the metal bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person removed a knife .
the person placed a bowl on the counter .
the person removed herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed what he needed .
the person placed the rest back in the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person seperated the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person placed the herbs in the bowl .
the person placed a round cutting board on the counter .
the person placed a sharp knife to the cutting board , along with a small metal dish and a smaller knife .
the person placed two potted herb plants on the counter , .
the person began unwrapping an un-potted herb plant , .
the person cut some pieces from one plant .
the person placed some pieces in the metal dish .
before placing the rest of the cut pieces onto the cutting board .
the person added pieces from the third plant to the cutting board .
the person returned the unused herbs to the refrigerator .
the person walked back to the cutting board .
the person cut the stemmed off of some of the herbs with the large knife , .
the person placed the stemmed in the metal dish , .
the person washed the tops in the sink .
the person replaced the clean herbs on the cutting board .
the person emptied the dish in the trash , .
the person rinsed the dish off .
on the cutting board , the person chopped the herbs into smaller pieces in alternating directions .
the person slid the result into the metal dish , .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board , a bowl , and a knife from the drawer .
the person took fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person placed the herbs onto the cutting board .
the person cut the stemmed away from the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person removed the round cutting board from the lower cabinet .
the person removed the knife from the utensil drawer .
the person removed the bowl from the lower cabinet .
the person removed the paring knife from the drawer .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person pulled pieces of the unwrapped herb .
the person placed the unwrapped herb on the round cutting board .
the person unwrapped the wrapped herb .
the person cut pieces of the wrapped herb .
the person placed the wrraped herb in the bowl .
the person placed the rest on the round cutting board .
the person unwrapped the other wrapped herb .
the person put the paper in the trash .
the person put a piece of herb in the refrigerator .
the person cut a piece of the second unwrapped herb .
the person placed that on the round cutting board .
the person placed the herbs back in the refrigerator .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person placed pieces of the herb that was on the round cutting board into the bowl .
the person picked the herbs off of the round cutting board .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed the herbs back on the round cutting board .
the person poured herbs that were in the bowl into the garbage .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person started to cut the herbs that were on the cutting board .
the person scraped the herbs off of the cutting board into the bowl .
the person put the knife in the sink .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board , bowl and knife on the counter .
the person took three herbs from the refrigerator .
the person took some from each .
the person put the remaining herbs back into the refrigerator .
the person picked the herbs from the stemmed .
the person cut the herbs from the stemmed .
the person rinsed the trimmings .
the person discarded some of the trimmings .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person put the knives into the sink .
the person began to rinse the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a wooden cutting board and a knife .
the person also took out a dish .
the person grabbed some herbs from the kitchen .
the person put some herbs on the counter .
the person took apart the herbs , .
the person separated the herbs , .
the person threw away the bad pieces .
the person cut the herbs that he kept .
the person finished , he poured the herbs into the dish .
the person put the dirty dishes in the sink .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person also placed some other utensils as well as herbs .
the person picked apart the herbs .
the person put the herb extras in a bowl .
the person placed the extra herbs back in the fridge .
the person put the extra herbs in fridge .
the person washed the herbs .
the person threw his trash away .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the diced herbs in a bowl .
the person washed the board and knife he used .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board , bowl , and knife out of the drawer .
the person grabbed herbs out of the fridge .
the person separated the herbs using his hands .
the person placed the rest of the herbs back into the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs using the sink .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a round cutting board from a drawer , as well as a large knife .
the person also removed a small , metal bowl and a paring knife .
from the refrigerator the person retrieved two pots of fresh herbs and a bundle of a third herb .
the person removed a few sprigs from the bundle which appeared to be parsley .
the person used the paring knife to remove a few springs from the potted herbs , which appeared to be chives and oregano .
the person placed all the herb cuttings on the cutting board .
the person returned the three herbs to the fridge .
the person pulled pieces from the oregano and parsley .
the person placed the oregano and parsley in the metal bowl .
the person took all the herbs .
the person washed the herbs with water in the sink .
the person dumped the waste from the metal bowl in the trash .
the person proceeded to chop the herbs with the knife on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs again , very finely .
the person placed all the chopped herbs into the metal bowl .
the person took the cutting board and knife to the sink .
the person got out a cutting board , a large knife , a small metal bowl , and a small knife , .
the person put a cutting board , a large knife , a small metal bowl , and a small knife on the counter-top .
the person got two potted herb plants , and a bunch of fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person took some herbs from the bunch of herbs , .
the person laid some herbs on the cutting board .
the person cut some stalks from one of the plants with the small knife .
the person pulled some pieces from the stalks .
the person placed some pieces in the metal bowl .
the person laid the stalks to the other herbs on the cutting board .
the person cut some stemmed from the second plant .
the person laid some stemmed on the cutting board as well .
the person put the plants and the bunch of herbs away .
the person pulled more pieces .
the person put the pieces in the metal bowl .
the person cut some more pieces from the herbs on the cutting board , .
the person took the herbs on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the herbs under the tap .
the person put the herbs back on the cutting board , .
the person threw the scraps in the bowl away .
the person rinsed the bowl out , .
the person placed the bowl back on the counter-top .
the person chopped the herbs with the metal knife , .
the person placed the chopped herbs in the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , and bowl from the drawer .
the person removed herbs from the refrigerator .
the person placed the herbs onto the cutting board .
the person put the rest of the herbs back in the refrigerator .
the person peeled the herbs over the bowl .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person threw the herb peeled in the garbage .
the person diced the herbs with the knife .
the person placed the diced herbs into the bowl .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person took out a second knife from the drawer .
the person took herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person cut some herbs from the plant .
the person put the herb plants back in the refrigerator .
the person diced up the herbs .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
also got a knife .
the person opened another drawer .
the person got a small bowl .
the person got a smaller knife too .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got some herbs .
the person put some herbs on the cutting board .
the person put some stemmed of one herb in the bowl .
the person rinsed off the herbs .
the person threw the stemmed away .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion out of the pantry .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of another drawer .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person took a plate out of another drawer .
the person put the onion on the plate .
the person went back to the pantry .
the person got some lemon juice .
the person put the some lemon juice on the onion .
the person grabbed an onion from the cupboard .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person cut the ends off of the onion .
the person peeled away the skins .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person scraped the skins and scraps off of the cutting board .
the person sliced each onion half .
diced each onion half .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person slid the onion pieces onto the plate .
the person squirted some lemon juice onto the onion pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion out of the pantry .
the person removed a small wooden cutting board from a drawer , .
the person placed a small wooden cutting on the counter , .
the person removed a knife from another drawer , .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person cut off the base and tip of the onion , .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board , .
the person peeled the outer skin off of the onion , .
the person placed the skin on the cutting board .
the person sliced off a roughly one-third section lengthwise , .
the person peeled the outermost layer off of the remainder .
the person scraped the waste material to the side with the knife .
the person sliced up the smaller section lengthwise and crosswise .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board , .
the person removed a plate from the pantry , .
the person scraped the onion pieces onto the plate with the knife .
the the person looked in various cabinets .
until the person found a bottle of lemon juice in the pantry .
the person opened a bottle of lemon juice , .
the person poured a small amount onto the onion pieces , .
closed the bottle , .
the person placed a bottle of lemon juice on the counter , .
the person moved to stand by the cutting board .
the person took out an onion , a cutting board and a medium-sized knife .
the person chopped off the edges on both sides of the onion .
the person peeled off the pink skin as well as the uppermost one layer of the onion by hand .
the person cut the onion in two in the center .
the person made some five to six vertical slits in one half of the onion .
thereby the person chopped up the half onion into fine pieces .
the person made five to six cut across the onion .
the person took out the finely chopped onion into a small plate .
the person added a few drops of lime juice to the finely chopped onion .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the pantry .
from under the counter the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the ends off the onion .
the person removed the skin .
the person removed the skin .
the person diced the onion into small pieces .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person transferred the diced onion to the plate .
the person got some lemon juice from the pantry .
the person sprinkled some on the onion .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the ends of the onion off .
the person peeled part of the onion .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person continued to peel the onion .
the person sliced each onion half into small pieces .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the onion pieces onto the plate .
the person poured lemon juice on the onion pieces .
the person got a onion from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the ends off the onion .
the person peeled the outer layer .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the chopped onion on the plate .
the person got lemon juice from the cabinet .
the person sprinkled the lemon juice on the chopped onion .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the cabinet .
the person set out a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person trimmed the skin away from the onion .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person took a plate from the cabinet , .
the person put the onion diced on the plate .
the person brought lemon juice from the cabinet .
the person put the lemon juice some on the onions .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out an onion , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person sliced off the ends of the onion .
the person peeled the outside of the onion off with his fingers .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person cut each half into slices .
the person rotated the onion .
the person sliced the onion the other direction , into cubes .
the person scraped the diced onion onto a plate .
the person drizzled lemon juice onto the diced onion .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawers .
the person put the onion on the counter .
the person put the onion on the cutting board .
the person removed the ends .
the person peeled off the outer layer .
the person chopped the onion on the cutting board with the knife .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person put the chopped onion on the plate .
the person took something from a cabinet .
the person sprinkled something over the chopped onion .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person placed the diced onion on a plate .
the person removed lemon juice from the cabinet .
the person sprinkled lemon juice on the onion .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard , .
the person took an onion .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person placed the cutting board on the prep area .
the person cut the two corners of the onion .
the person peeled the skin of onion .
the person chopped the onion into pieces .
the person opened another cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person transferred the chopped onion into the plate .
the person opened the small cupboard .
the person took a salt bottle .
the person sprinkled the powder to the onion .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the pantry and a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed the top and bottom of the onion , .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person removed the outer layer .
the person cut both halves of the onion into slices , .
the person turned both halves .
the person diced both halves .
the person retrieved a plate from the cupboard .
the person used the knife to move the chopped onion from the cutting board to the plate .
the person found some lemon juice from the pantry .
the person drizzled some lemon juice over the onion .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a small onion out of the pantry .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the top and bottom off of the onion .
the person peeled the skin off of the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person peeled off the remaining skin .
the person brushed aside the skin and unwanted onion .
the person cut the onion into slices .
the person diced the onion .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person used to knife to slide the diced onion onto the plate .
the person went to the pantry again .
the person got lemon juice .
the person drizzled lemon juice onto the diced onion .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the pantry .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person chopped the onion on the cutting board .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the chopped onion on a plate .
the person took lemon juice from the pantry .
the person squeezed some onto the chopped onions .
the cook walked in .
the person got an onion and circular cutting board .
the person chopped the top off .
the cook cut the onion and half .
the cook cut the onion in half .
the person diced the onion into small pieces .
the cook looked for a plate .
the person placed the diced onions onto the plate .
the cook looked for a bottle of lemon juice .
the person found the lemon juice .
the cook sprayed the lemon juice onto the onions .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took an onion .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person placed the cutting board on the prep area .
the person cut the onion on both ends .
the person peeled the skin .
the person finely chopped the onion .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person transferred the onion to the plate .
the person opened the small cupboard , .
took salt .
the person sprinkled over the onion .
the person took an onion from a cupboard .
the person gathered a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to remove both ends of the onion .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person removed the outer skin of both halves by hand .
the person sliced both halves of the onion into small cubes .
the person removed a plate from a cupboard .
the person placed the chopped onion onto the plate .
the person looked for a particular item in the cupboards .
the person retrieved a bottle of lemon juice .
the person added some lemon juice to the chopped onion .
the person chopped an onion in half .
the person peeled an onion .
the person peeled an onion .
the person chopped an onion length-wise and again the other way .
the person put the chopped onion on a plate .
the person added lemon juice to the chopped onion .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and onion .
the person cut the top and bottom off of the onion , .
the person peeled the skin off .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person sliced each half of the onion in two directions to dice it .
the person took out a plate , .
the person transferred the onions to the plate .
the person sprinkled lemon juice on top of the pieces .
the person took two bowled out of the pantry .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person took a spoon out of a drawer .
the person tapped around the egg with the spoon to crack it gently .
the person peeled some pieces of the shell of .
the person poured the egg white into one bowl and the yolk into the other .
the person threw the egg shell in the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two bowled , an egg and a spoon .
the person tapped the egg lightly with the spoon , .
the person removed a small amount of shell from the top .
the person poured the egg whites into one bowl .
the person removed more of the shell .
the person poured the yolk into the other bowl .
the person threw out the shells , .
the person washed the spoon and his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out two bowled from the cupboard .
the person retrieved an egg from the fridge and a spoon from a drawer .
the person used the spoon , he made a small hole in the egg shell .
the person poured out the egg white into one of the bowled .
the person made the hole larger .
the person emptied the yolk into the other bowl .
the person threw away the shell .
the person washed his hands .
quickly wiped off the table .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out two bowled .
the person went the refrigerator .
the person took out an egg .
the person took out a spoon .
the person tapped the egg with a spoon .
the person removed some of the egg 's shell with the spoon until there was a small hole .
the person shook egg white out of the shell onto one of the bowled .
the person spooned the egg yolk onto the other bowl .
the person threw the egg shell into the trash .
the person washed the spoon .
the person put the spoon away .
the person swiped the stray egg shells off the counter and into the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two bowled from the cabinet .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took an egg out .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a spoon .
the person broke a small hole in the side of the egg .
the person drained the white from the egg into one of the bowled .
the person cracked the egg more .
the person took the yolk out with the spoon .
the person put the yolk in the other bowl .
the person cleaned up the egg shell .
the person threw the egg shell away .
the person washed his hands and the spoon , .
the person put the spoon in the drawer .
the person wiped off the counter .
the person got two bowled from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from a refrigerator .
the person got a spoon from a drawer .
the person cracked a small hole in the egg with the spoon .
the person poured the egg whites from the egg into a bowl .
the person spooned out the egg yolk into the other bowl .
the person put the egg shell in a trash can .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two small bowled from the cabinet .
the person brought an egg from the refrigerator .
the person made a small hole in the shell with a spoon .
the person poured the white out into one of the bowled .
the person made the hole larger .
the person poured the yolk into the other bowl .
the person discarded the shell , .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person picked shell out of one of the bowled .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person wiped away the counter with his hand .
the person rinsed the hand again .
first the person got out two bowled , a spoon , and an egg .
the person took the back of the spoon .
the person used the spoon to create a whole in the egg just big enough to get the egg white out into one bowl .
in the other bowl the person put the egg yolk .
the person proceeded to clean up , .
wash his hands , .
the person got egg shells out of the bowled .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took two bowled from the cabinet .
the person put two bowled on the counter .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person poked a hole in the egg .
pieces of shell fell onto the counter .
the person drained the egg white into one of the bowled .
the person made the hole in the egg bigger with the spoon .
the person spooned the egg yolk into the other bowl .
the person scooped up pieces of egg shell into his hand .
the person put all of the pieces into the trash .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
person took out two bowled from cupboard .
the person placed the bowled on the kitchen platform .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out an egg .
the person picked a spoon from the drawer .
the person made a small hole on the egg .
the person poured the egg white in one bowl .
the person broke open the egg .
the person transferred the yellow part of egg in to another bowl with the spoon .
the person dropped the spoon in to the sink .
the person discarded the egg shell in the bin .
the person washed his hands .
the person washed the spoon also .
the person placed the spoon back in to its original position .
the person cleaned the platform with his hand .
the person washed his hand again .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed two small white bowled out of the cabinet .
the person grabbed an egg out the fridge .
the person used a butter knife to crack the egg .
the person poured the egg white into one of the bowled .
the person cracked the egg fully .
the person placed the egg yolk into the second bowl .
the person tossed the egg shell into the garbage .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person went in the cabinet .
the person got out two glass plates .
the person put the glass on the counter .
the person went in the fridge .
the person got out an egg .
the person got a spoon out the drawer .
the person put a hole in the the egg with a spoon .
the person poured the egg white into a plate .
the person cracked the rest of the egg with a spoon .
the person peel off some of the egg shell .
the person put the egg yolk into another plate .
the person cleaned up the egg shell .
the person put the egg shell into the trash .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got two bowled out of the cabinet .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an egg .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a fork .
with the fork , the person made a small hole in the top of the egg .
the person shook the egg over the bowl until only the egg white came out .
the person put the yellow part of the egg into the other bowl .
the person threw the egg shell into the garbage .
the person pick out any eggshell that was in the bowl .
the person washed his hands .
the person took two small bowled from a kitchen cabinet and an egg from its holder in the refrigerator door .
with a spoon , the person carefully cracked the top of the egg to create a small hole .
the person removed egg shell that fell into the bowl , .
the person vigorously shook the egg to pour the whites into the bowl .
the person cracked the egg shell open enough to scoop the yolk out with a spoon into the other bowl .
the person cleared egg shell from the counter top to the trash .
the person inspected the two bowled .
the person removed some residual egg shell .
the person rinsed his hands and the spoon , .
the person placed the latter back into the drawer .
with one final inspection , the person was satisfied .
the person walked away .
the person removed two bowled from the cabinet .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person took out a spoon from the drawer .
the person cracked the egg with the spoon .
the person poured the egg whites into one bowl .
the person scooped the egg yolk .
the person placed the egg yolk in the other bowl .
the person threw the egg shell in the garbage .
the person washed the spoon .
the person placed the spoon in the drawer .
the person wiped the counter clean .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed two plates from the cabinet .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator up .
the person removed an egg .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed a spoon .
the person cracked the egg open with the spoon .
the person drained the white of the egg onto one plate .
the person tapped the egg with the spoon more .
the person drained the yolk onto the other plate .
the person tossed the shell in the trash can .
the person rinsed off his hands in the sink .
the person opened a pantry .
the person opened a fridge .
the person grabbed an egg from the shelf in the fridge .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a spoon .
the person used the spoon to crack open the egg .
the person peeled the egg .
the person drained the excess liquid yolk from an egg .
the person used a spoon to scoop out the solid yolk .
the person took the hard yolk .
the person put the hard yolk onto a plate .
the person cleaned up some of his egg shells from the counter .
the person threw the egg shells in the trash can .
the person washed his hands he finished everything .
the person put the spoon back in its proper place in the drawer .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out two white saucers .
the person placed the white saucers on the counter .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took one egg .
the person went on to open a drawer .
the person took out a teaspoon .
the person used the teaspoon to crack the egg .
the person let the egg white fall on one of the saucer .
the person used the teaspoon to scoop the egg yolk .
the person placed the egg yolk on the other saucer .
the person proceeded open a cabinet to throw the egg shell into the trash bin .
the person turned the faucet on .
the person rinsed the teaspoon .
the person returned the teaspoon .
the person wiped the counter with his hand , .
the person rinsed his hand .
the person opened the faucet .
the person arrived in a kitchen .
the person took two small dishes from the cabinet .
the person placed the dishes on the counter .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person took a spoon from a drawer .
the person tapped the egg with the spoon .
the person cracked a hole in the egg .
the person poured out the egg white onto a dish .
the person tapped the egg shell with the spoon again .
the person removed a piece of the shell with his fingers .
the person poured out the egg yolk onto the other dish .
the person put the spoon in the sink .
the person picked up egg shell pieces off the counter .
the person put the shell and the shell pieces in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands and the spoon .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person walked to a cabinet .
the person retrieved two bowled .
the person placed the bowled on the counter-top .
the person went to the refrigerator .
from the refrigerator the person carefully selected an egg .
re-approached the counter .
the person chose a spoon from a drawer .
the person began to crack the shell of the egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the contents into the two bowled .
the person put the yolk in one bowl and the white in the second bowl .
once completed the person put the spoon into the sink .
the person disposed of the shell into the garbage .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person noticed a piece of shell in one of the bowled .
the person removed the shell piece from the bowl .
the person put the shell piece from the bowl in the garbage .
the person re-rinsed his hands , .
the person washed the spoon .
the person replaced the spoon in the drawer .
the person brushed some shell pieces from the counter , .
re-washed his hands , .
stood over the bowled for a second .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed three eggs from the refrigerator , .
the person placed the eggs on the counter to the stove .
the person removed a large pot from a cabinet , .
the person took a large pot to the sink , .
the person rinsed a large pot under the faucet twice , .
the person placed a large pot on the counter to the stove .
the person turned on a burner , .
the person put the pot on , .
the person went to the refrigerator , .
the person removed a packet of solid butter , .
the person placed a packet of solid butter on the counter .
the person put one of the eggs back in the refrigerator .
the person looked around in multiple drawers .
until the person found a spoon .
the person dropped two pieces of the butter in the pan .
the person put the spoon and the butter back on the counter , .
the person removed a wooden spatula from a drawer , .
the person cracked one of the eggs into the pot , .
the person placed the shell on the counter .
the person stirred the butter and egg mixture with the spatula for several seconds , .
the person moved the pot to the counter , .
the person cracked the second egg into the pot , .
the person placed the shell with the other one .
the person moved the pot back to the burner , .
the person stirred the mixture some more , .
the person removed a jar from the spice rack .
the person shook a moderate amount into the pot , .
the person replaced the jar on the rack , .
the person removed a squeeze bottle of red liquid from the refrigerator , .
the person added a small amount of the red liquid to the pot , .
the person replaced a squeeze bottle of red liquid .
the person adjusted the heat of the burner .
the person stirred the mixture in the pot for roughly one minute , .
the person turned the burner off , .
the person moved the pot to the counter , .
the person wiped the stovetop with a dishtowel .
the person stirred the mixture for a few more seconds , .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet , .
the person rinsed a plate under the faucet , .
the person scraped the contents of the pot onto the plate using the spatula , .
the person stopped once to remove stuck-on food from the spatula by hand .
ran some water into the pot , .
the person rinsed the spatula under the faucet , .
the person put the spatula away , .
the person took another jar from the spice rack , .
the person added a moderate amount of spice to the food on the plate .
the person put the spice jar back , .
the person removed a fork from the drawer , .
mixed the spice into the plated food .
the person poured the water out of the pot , .
the person put the pot on the counter with a defensive look at the camera , .
the person wiped the counter by the stove with the dishcloth , .
the person threw the eggshells in the trash , .
the person rinsed his hands , .
the person wiped the counter once more , .
the person put the butter away .
the person rinsed the spoon under the faucet , .
the person put the spoon in the sink , .
the person rinsed his hands , .
the person hung up the dishtowel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took three eggs from the fridge .
the person placed the eggs on the counter top .
the person rinsed out a medium sized saucepan .
the person put the saucepan on the stove top , .
the person took some butter from the fridge .
the person put one egg back .
the person melted two tablespoons of butter into the saucepan , .
mixed one egg into the melted butter .
the person removed the saucepan from the stove top .
the person added the second egg to the mixture .
the person returned the pot to the stove top .
the person added two different spices and some tomato ketchup to the scrambled egg .
the person removed the saucepan from the stove top , .
the person took a small plate from the cupboard , .
the person rinsed a small plate off .
the person served the scrambled eggs on to a small plate .
the person soaked the dirty saucepan in the sink .
the person rinsed off the wooden spoon he scrambled the eggs with , .
the person returned the wooden spoon to the drawer .
the person seasoned the egg with another spice .
the person got a fork , .
the person mixed the egg on the plate , .
the person tidied the mess he created from cooking .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person grabbed three eggs from the fridge , .
carefully set the eggs on the counter .
the person grabbed a pot from a drawer .
the person rinsed a pot , .
the person set a pot to the stove top , .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person took the butter out of the fridge .
the person set the butter on the counter .
the person returned one of the eggs to the fridge .
the person got a spoon from the drawer , .
the person spooned some butter into the hot pot .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person got a wooden spatula from the drawer , .
the person grabbed an egg , .
the person cracked an egg into the pot .
the person scrambled the egg an egg cooked with the spatula .
the person grabbed the second egg , .
the person removed the pot from the stove , .
the person cracked an egg into the pot .
the person put the pot onto the stove .
the person continued to scramble the eggs with the spatula .
the person grabbed the salt from the spice racked , .
the person put salt into the pot with the eggs .
the person put the salt back on the spice rack .
the person grabbed a different seasoning .
the person used a different seasoning to season the eggs as well .
the person put a different seasoning back .
the person grabbed a sauce of some sort .
the person poured some into the pot , .
the person put a sauce back in the fridge , .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person stirred the sauce into the cooked eggs .
the person turned the stove off , .
the person removed the pot from the stove , .
the person grabbed the rag .
the person wiped off the stove top .
the person stirred the eggs once more .
before the person got a plate , .
the person rinsed a plate off .
the person served the eggs on a plate .
the person rinsed the spatula .
the person put the spatula back into the drawer wet .
the person got another spice from the rack .
seasoned the eggs again .
the person put the season back .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person stirred the eggs , .
the person cleaned up his mess , .
the person put away the butter .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took three eggs from the fridge .
the person grabbed a pot .
the person rinsed the pot out .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person grabbed a stick of butter .
the person put one egg back into the fridge .
the person spooned some butter into a pot .
the person cracked the eggs into the pot .
the person began to stir .
the person scrambled the eggs .
the person added hot sauce and salt to the eggs .
the person put the finished meal on a plate .
the person cleaned up everything .
the person removed three eggs from the refrigerator .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person rinsed a pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person took out butter from the refrigerator .
the person placed one egg back in the refrigerator .
the person put two spoonfuls of butter in the pot .
the person cracked the eggs into the pot .
the person mixed the eggs with a wooden utensil .
the person added two spices and ketchup to the pot .
the person mixed two spices and ketchup all in the pot .
the person removed the pan from the stove .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the eggs on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled some eggs out of the refrigerator .
the person sat the eggs on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a pot .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person rinsed out the pot .
the person sat the pot on the stove .
the person went back to the refrigerator .
the person got some butter .
the person sliced a piece of butter .
the person put a piece of butter in the pot to melt .
the person cracked one egg into the pot .
the person began to scramble the egg .
the person did the same with another egg .
the person continued to scramble the eggs .
the person added some seasoning .
the person was done , he took out a plate .
the person scooped the eggs onto the plate .
the person garnished the eggs with seasoning .
the person proceeded to clean up his area .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got three eggs from the fridge .
the person got a pot from under the counter .
the person rinsed a pot at the sink .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put a pot on the stove .
from the fridge the person got a pack of butter .
the person put one egg back in the fridge .
the person put some of the butter in the pot .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person cracked the eggs into the pot .
the person stirred with the spatula .
the person added some spices and some ketchup .
the person stirred the eggs some more .
the person took the pot off the stove .
the person wiped down the stove with a towel .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person scooped the eggs onto a plate .
the person rinsed the spatula .
the person put the spatula back in the drawer .
the person added some spices to the eggs .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person put the fork on the plate .
the person wiped down the counter with a towel .
the person threw away the egg shells .
the person put away the pack of butter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed three eggs from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a pot from a drawer .
the person rinsed a pot at the sink .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person grabbed butter from the refrigerator .
the person put an egg back in the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a spoon from a drawer .
the person put butter in the pot .
the person changed the temperature of the stove .
the person grabbed a wooden spatula from a drawer .
the person grabbed an egg from the counter .
the person cracked an egg at the edge of the pot .
the person poured the egg in the pot .
the person stirred the pot with the wooden spatula .
the person took the pot out of the stove .
the person put the pot on top of the counter .
the person cracked the other egg on the edge of the pot .
the person poured the other egg in the pot .
the person put the stove back on the stove .
the person stirred both eggs with the spatula .
the person added salt and pepper to the eggs .
the person grabbed sauce from the refrigerator .
the person put a small amount of sauce on the eggs .
the person stirred the pot with the spatula .
the person turned off the stove , .
the person took the pot from the stove .
the person placed the pot in the counter .
the person cleaned the stove top with a towel .
the person stirred the eggs .
the person grabbed a plate from a cabinet , .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person washed the spatula .
the person added a condiment to the eggs .
the person stirred the eggs with a fork .
the person put the pot on top of the counter .
the person cleaned the counter with the towel .
the person cleaned the counter and the stove top with a towel .
the person threw the egg shells in the trash .
the person put the butter back in the refrigerator .
the person put the spoon at the sink .
the person washed his hands .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took three eggs from the refrigerator .
the person laid a pot with water on the stove .
the person placed an apparent condiment on the counter .
the person put an egg back in the refrigerator .
the person put some butter or margarine in the pot , .
the person cracked an egg into the pot .
the person removed the pot from the stove .
the person had cracked the second egg into the pot , .
the person placed the pot back on the stove .
the person added in three condiments , probably including salt and either sauce or ketchup .
the person kept stirring the pot .
the person turned off the stove .
the person emptied the pot 's content onto a dish .
the person sprinkled another condiment on the eggs .
the person wiped down the counter top and the stove top .
the person threw out the egg shells .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got three eggs .
the person got a pot .
the person turned on the stove .
the person removed butter from the refrigerator .
the person put one egg in the refrigerator .
the person put butter into the hot pot .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person put the eggs in the pot .
the person scrambled the eggs in the pot .
the person added some spices and ketchup to the eggs .
the person mixed the eggs thoroughly .
the person wiped the stove clean .
the person got a plate .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person added more spices to the eggs .
the person cleaned the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out three eggs .
the person took out a pot .
the person put water into the pot .
the person set the water to boil .
the person took out butter .
the person took out a spoon .
the person added butter to the pot .
the person cracked the eggs into the pot .
the person mixed the eggs quickly .
the person added salt and spice .
the person added ketchup to the eggs .
the person put the scrambled eggs onto a plate .
the person let the pot soak in the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed three eggs out the fridge .
the person grabbed a silver pot out the drawer .
the person rinsed the pot with water using the sink .
the person placed one egg back into the fridge .
the person placed a piece of butter into the pot .
the person cracked both eggs into the pot .
the person scrambled the eggs using a wooden spoon .
the person placed extra ingredients into the pot of eggs .
the person grabbed a white plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the cooked scrambled eggs on the white plate .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person took a clean pot .
the person mixed a spoonful of margarine and two eggs together , .
the person added two spices and his choice of sauce .
the person continued to mix the ingredients together until the eggs were done cooking .
the person emptied the contents of the pot on a plate , .
the person washed his utensils , .
the person put away the wooden spoon he was cooking with .
the person liberally added a 3rd spice to the food on his plate .
mixed the food together .
the person put away the pot he had cooked with , and his unused ingredients .
the person cleaned the counter top and stove top .
the person in black pant and blue t shirt came in kitchen .
the person put out three eggs from refrigerator .
the person put out a pot from cupboard .
the person washed a pot .
the person pressed four button and burned electronic machine .
the person opened refrigerator once again .
the person put out butter , .
the person put back one egg in refrigerator .
the person took a spoon from box .
the person put some butter in steel pot .
the person broke one egg .
the person put in pot .
the person mixed the egg .
the person put pot on another side .
the person broke second egg .
the person put the egg in pot .
the person put pot once again on electronic machine .
mix both eggs .
the person also mix salt pepper powder and katchip .
the person off the machine .
the person cleaned the machine .
once again the person opened cupboard .
the person took a white plate .
the person put his meal in plate .
the person washed pot .
the person mixed some powder on eggs .
the person put pot on his left side .
the person put back butter in refrigerator .
the person cleaned spoon .
the person washed hands .
also cleaned machine again .
hung cotton on cupboard .
the person went .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed three eggs from the refrigerator .
the person took a pot from a cupboard .
the person rinsed a pot out .
the person turned on a burner .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person placed two pads of butter into the pot .
the person cracked one of the eggs along the edge of the pot .
the person poured the egg into the pot .
the person stirred the egg with a spatula .
the person cracked the other egg along the side of the pot .
the person poured the egg into the pot .
the person stirred the eggs with the spatula .
the person seasoned the eggs .
the person added some hot sauce to the eggs .
the person continued to stir the eggs they cooked .
the eggs were done the person removed the pot from the stove .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person placed the eggs on a plate .
the person cleaned all the cooking tools , .
the person added more seasoning to the eggs .
the person mixed the seasoning with a fork .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person returned the butter to the refrigerator , .
the person got three eggs .
the person set three eggs to the stove .
the person pulled pot out .
the person rinsed the pot .
before the person placed the pot on the stove to heat up .
the person pulled out some butter .
the person put away one egg .
the person scooped some butter into the pot , .
so the person changed the temperature on the element .
the person grabbed a wooden spoon .
the person cracked an egg into the pot .
the person stirred the egg quickly .
the person removed the pot from the stove .
before cracking the second egg into the pot .
the person put the pot back on the stove .
the person stirred the eggs vigorously .
the person changed the temperature again .
the person added two seasonings and a condiment .
before stirring the eggs again .
the person continued to stir the eggs .
the person removed the pot from the stove .
the person wiped the stove top .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person scooped the scrambled eggs onto the plate .
the person added more seasoning .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out three eggs and a pot .
the person washed the pot , .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person took out butter .
the person put one egg back in the refrigerator , .
the person put a small amount in the pot .
the person cracked the two eggs into the pot .
the person scrambled the eggs with a spatula .
the person added some ketchup .
the person continued to stir .
the person turned the stove off .
the person took the pot off of the stove , .
the person took out a plate .
the person poured the eggs onto the plate .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person added some pepper to the eggs , .
the person took out a fork .
mixed the eggs .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person put the butter back .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the freezer .
the person took three eggs from the freezer .
the person placed the egg on the prep area .
the person washed a stainless steel vessel .
the person switched on the stove .
the person took a pack of ghee from the freezer .
the person placed an egg back to the freezer .
the person added two spoons of ghee to the vessel .
the person broke an egg .
the person poured an egg into the vessel .
the person battered the mix with a spatula .
the person took the pan out from the stove .
the person poured another egg .
the person kept back in the stove .
the person battered well .
the person reduced the heat .
mixed well .
the person transferred the egg mix to a plate .
the person sprinkled some pepper to the egg mix .
the person kept all things in proper place .
the person wiped the stove with a cloth .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out three eggs .
the person took a pot , .
the person rinsed a pot out .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person took out some butter .
the person put one egg back .
the person took some butter .
the person put the butter in the pot .
the person took out a wooden spatula .
the person added an egg to the pot .
the person mixed the egg .
the person removed from the heat to add the second egg .
the person put the pot back on the stove .
the person added salt and pepper .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got the ketchup to add to the pot as well .
the person removed the eggs from the heat .
the person took a cloth to wipe off the stove .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person scooped the eggs onto the plate .
the person rinsed the pot and spatula .
the person added more spice to the eggs .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person took three eggs out of the refrigerator .
the person took a pot out of a drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person turned the stove on .
the put the pot on the stove .
the person took some butter out of the refrigerator .
the person put one of the eggs away in the refrigerator .
the person took a spoon out .
the person scooped some of the butter into the pot with the water .
the person took out a spatula .
the person cracked both eggs into the pot .
the person mixed the eggs with the spatula .
the person poured two kinds of spices in with the eggs .
the person took ketchup out of the refrigerator .
the person put some on the eggs .
the person put the ketchup back in the refrigerator .
the person stirred the mixture with the spatula .
the person turned the stove off .
the person took the pot off the stove .
the person cleaned the stove .
the person took a plate out .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person grabbed a lime from the fridge , .
the person took out a cutting board and a juicer from under the counter .
the person rinsed the lime off , .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the lime in half , .
the person cut the lime in half .
juiced one half with the juicer .
the person made some cut into the second half of the lime .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person removed a juicer .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person squeezed one half of the lime over the juicer .
the person sliced the other slice of the lime a little bit more .
the person twisted the lime over the juicer once more .
the person turned the sink on .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person turned the sink off .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a lime , cutting board and juicer .
the person washed the lime , .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the lime in half , .
juiced each side .
the person washed the knife .
the person entered his kitchen .
the person pulled a lime out of his refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board , knife , and juicer from his cabinets .
the person proceeded to wash the lime .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person ground one half of the lime against the juicer , .
once the person was done juicing the limes .
the person put the limes aside .
the person made a few cut across the other half of the lime surface first .
the chef grabbed a lime , and his tools : a cutting board , juicer , and a knife .
the person washed the lime .
the person placed the lime on the cutting board .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person took one half of the lime .
the person placed on top of the juicer .
the person pressed down , squeezed and spun the lime on top of the juicer .
the person pulled the lime off of the juicer , .
the person sliced the lime on the inside in quarters .
the person repeated these steps with the second half of the lime .
the person squeezed a little more juice out .
the person washed his knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person got out a cutting board and a citrus juicer .
the person washed the lime in the sink , .
the person got out a paring knife .
the person cut the lime in half with the knife .
the person worked each half of the lime on the juicer .
the person finished the first half , .
the person cut into the second lime half with the knife .
before juicing the second lime half .
the person finished juicing the lime .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person removed a lime from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced both halves of the lime .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a lime from the cooler .
the person got a juicer and cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a juicer and cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the lime , .
the person took each side of the lime .
the person pressed the lime .
the person twisted the lime against the top of the juicer to remove the juice .
the person washed his knife .
the person set the knife aside .
the person opened a fridge .
the person took out a lime .
the person placed a chopping board and a juice squeezer on the counter .
the person washed the lime .
the person shook the lime dry , .
the person took out a knife from the under the counter drawer .
the person cut the lime into halves .
the person pushed and twisted each half onto the squeezer to extract the juice .
sometimes the person held the lime still .
the person rotated the squeezer with his other hand .
before squeezing the second half the person cut the lime radially to help extract the juice .
the person also tried the first half again to make sure he had as much juice out as possible .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person took a lime out of the fridge .
the person took a cutting board and a lime squeezer out of the kitchen drawer .
the person washed the lime using the kitchen faucet .
the person took out a knife .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person used the lime squeezer and squeezed the juice out of half of the first half of the lime .
the person made small cut on the second lime half .
the person squeezed the juice out using the squeezer .
the person squeezed more juice out of the first lime .
the person washed the knife and his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a lime out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board , knife , and a white juicer out the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person used the juicer for both pieces of lime .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a chopping board and a juicer from beneath the counter .
the person rinsed the lime .
the person gathered a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half with the knife .
the person took one half of the lime .
the person placed one half of the lime on the juicer .
the person proceeded to twist the lime back and forth on the juicer .
the person placed the half back on the juicer .
the person cut slices into the open end of the lime half .
the person cut slices into the open end of the lime half .
the person placed the half back on the juicer .
the person pushed down on the half of lime .
the person briefly placed the other half of the lime on the juicer .
the person placed his hand this half .
the person twisted the lime back and forth on the juicer .
the person turned half of the lime back and forth over the juicer .
the person washed the knife off in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a lime .
the person took out a cutting board and juicer .
the person washed the lime in the sink .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced both halves of the lime .
the person washed the knife in the sink .
the person left the two lime husks on the cutting board .
the person took a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a juicer out of another drawer .
the person rinsed the lime off in the sink .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person spun one half of the lime on the juicer and the other half .
the person rinsed the knife off in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a plastic squeezer from a drawer .
the person rinsed the lime .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the lime in halves .
the person squeezed one half on the squeezer .
the person sliced the inside of the second half .
the person squeezed the second half on the squeezer .
the person grabbed the first half .
the person squeezed the first half on the squeezer again .
the person washed the knife at the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and citrus juicer from the drawer .
the person put a cutting board and citrus juicer on the counter .
the person washed the lime in the sink .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the lime into halves .
the person pressed half of the lime onto the juicer .
for the other half of the lime , the person used a knife to cut the insides .
before pressing the lime onto the juicer .
the person went back for the first half .
the person pressed the first half onto the juicer some more .
the person washed the knife in the sink .
the person set the knife aside .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and juicer from under the counter .
the person rinsed the lime .
the person used a knife to cut the lime in half .
the person took one half of the lime .
the person juiced the lime using the juicer .
the person did the same with the other half of lime .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a lime .
the person got a cutting board and juicer from the drawer .
the person washed the lime .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime thoroughly .
the person washed the knife .
the person got a lime from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a hand juicer from a drawer .
the person rinsed the lime in a sink .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced half the lime on the hand juicer .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and juicer from the drawer .
the person rinsed the lime in the sink .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person manually juiced one half of the lime .
the person manually juiced the other half .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person got a tea maker .
the person filled a tea maker with water .
the person got a tea kettle from a drawer .
the person got tea from a cabinet .
the person filled a teabag with tea .
the person got sugar from the cabinet .
the person put the hot water in the tea kettle .
the person put the teabag in the kettle .
the person put the tea maker away .
the person got a plate and cup from the cabinet .
the person put sugar in the empty cup .
the person put the sugar away .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person rinsed the spoon in a sink .
the person put an electric kettle on the counter .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle into the outlet .
the person turned the kettle on .
the person placed a tea pot and tea infuser on the counter .
the person grabbed a bag of loose tea leaved from the cabinet .
the person spooned the loose tea into the infuser .
the person returned the bag of tea to the cabinet .
the person removed a bag of sugar from the cabinet .
the person poured the hot water into the tea pot .
the person placed the infuser into the tea pot .
the person grabbed a teacup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person spooned sugar into the teacup .
the person poured tea into the teacup .
the person washed the dishes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the tea kettle and electric hot plate from the cabinet .
the person filled the tea kettle with water .
the person placed the tea kettle on the electric plate .
the person took a teapot from the cabinet .
the person took a tea strainer from the drawer .
the person took loose tea from the pantry .
the person scooped the loose tea into a tea strainer .
the person took sugar from the pantry .
the person poured the heated water into the teapot .
the person placed the tea strainer into the teapot .
the person placed the tea strainer of loose tea into the hot water in the teapot .
the person took a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person scooped some sugar into the cup .
the person removed the tea strainer from the teapot .
the person poured the hot tea from the teapot into the cup .
the person took out the water heater .
the person filled the water heater with water .
the person took out tea cup .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person filled an electric kettle with water .
the person plugged an electric kettle in .
the person took some tea from the cabinet .
the person put some in a tea infuser .
the person put the bag of tea away .
the person brought some sugar from the cabinet .
the person placed some sugar on the counter .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person poured the hot water into the glass pot .
the person put the tea infuser into a small glass pot .
the person took a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the counter .
the person removed the tea infuser .
the person rinsed the tea infuser in the sink .
the person rinsed the tea infuser in the sink .
the person poured a cup of tea , .
the person stirred the tea .
the person rinsed the spoon in the sink .
the person got an electric kettle .
the person put an electric kettle on the counter .
the person filled the container part of the kettle with water .
the person got some tea from the cupboard .
the person got a spoon .
the person started scooping the tea .
the person put the tea in a little metal container to go into the teapot .
the person put the bag of tea away .
the water was hot , the person put the water in the teapot along with the tea container .
the person put some sugar in the tea .
the person put the tea in a tea cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out an electric tea pot .
the person filled the teapot with water from the sink .
the person plugged in the based of the pot .
the person attached the pot to the base .
the person pulled out the coffee pot of a coffee maker , a tea strainer , a bag of tea leaved and a spoon .
the person scooped some tea leaved into the tea strainer .
the person sealed the tea strainer .
the person put away the tea pot , base and bag of tea .
the person pulled out a bag of sugar .
the person poured hot water from the tea pot into the coffee pot .
the person put the tea and strainer in coffee pot with chain hanging outside the pot .
the person rinsed the spoon .
the person dried the spoon .
the person swirled the tea strainer in the pot of water as it was brewing .
the person pulled out a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person spooned some sugar into the cup .
the person rinsed the strainer .
the person emptied the tea strainer into the garbage .
the person rinsed the strainer .
the person poured tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea with the spoon .
the person rinsed the spoon .
the person put away the spoon .
the person took an electric teakettle out of a drawer .
the person poured some water into an electric teakettle in the sink .
the person plugged an electric teakettle into a counter-top outlet .
the person took out a teapot and a metal tea dispenser .
the person took some tea out of the cupboard .
the person put some tea into the metal tea dispenser .
the person put the dispenser in the teapot .
the person put the bag of tea back in the cupboard .
the person poured some hot water into the teapot .
the person let the tea disperse in the water .
the person put the teakettle away .
the person rinsed his spoon .
the person dried his spoon .
the person took a teacup and plate out of the cupboard .
the person put some sugar into the teacup with the spoon .
the person poured some tea into the teacup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled an electric teapot out of the drawer .
the person poured water into the teapot .
the person plugged the teapot into a electric outlet .
the person grabbed tea pot of the cabinet .
the person poured the water into the teapot .
the person placed the tea into the pot .
the person grabbed a cup out of the cabinet .
the person placed sugar into the cup .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea with a spoon .
the person got a kettle .
the person filled a kettle with water .
the person got out a pot and a tea infuser .
the person filled the infuser with tea .
the person gathered sugar , a cup , and a saucer .
the person poured the hot water in to the pot .
the person put the infuser in the pot .
the person placed the kettle back in the cabinet .
the person waited for the tea to brew .
the person added some sugar to the cup .
the person cleaned the tea infuser .
the person poured the tea in the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out an electric tea kettle .
the person filled the pot with water , .
the person plugged in the base .
the person put the pot on the base .
the person took out a small individual glass tea pot .
the person took a tea ball out of the drawer .
the person took a bag of tea out of the cupboard and a spoon out of the drawer .
the person filled the tea ball with loose tea .
the person put the bag of tea away .
the person took out a bag of sugar .
the person poured the boiled water into the small tea pot .
the person put the tea ball in .
the person put the electric tea kettle away .
the person washed the spoon .
the person opened the bag of sugar .
the person took a cup and saucer out of the cupboard .
the person spooned some sugar into the tea cup .
the person took the tea ball out of the cup , .
the person emptied the tea ball .
the person washed the tea ball .
the person put the tea ball away .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person cleaned the spoon .
the person put the spoon away .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a tea maker from a shelf .
the person poured water into the tea maker .
the person plugged the base of the tea maker into the outlet .
the person placed the tea maker on its base .
the person took a tea pot from the shelf .
the person placed a tea pot on the counter .
the person took a tea ball from the drawer .
the person placed the tea ball on the counter .
the person took a bag of tea out of the cupboard .
the person placed a bag of tea on the counter .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
the person opened the tea ball and the bag of tea .
the person scooped some tea into the tea ball with the spoon .
the person took a bag of sugar out of the cupboard .
the person placed a bag of sugar on the counter .
the person poured hot water from the tea maker into the tea pot .
the person took the tea ball .
the person placed the tea ball in the tea pot .
the person placed the tea ball into the tea pot .
the person took a cup and saucer out of the cupboard .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the counter .
the person scooped some sugar into the tea cup .
the person cleaned the tea ball .
the person put the tea ball away .
the person poured tea into the tea cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a water boiler .
the person filled the water boiler with water .
the person plugged the water boiler into the counter .
the person took out a teapot .
the person added tea to tea balls .
the person poured hot water into the teapot .
the person put the tea balls into the tea pot .
the person put the water boiler away .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person poured tea and sugar into the cup .
the person stirred the cup with a small spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kettle out .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person got out a tea pot and a tea strainer from under the counter and some tea from the pantry .
the person filled the tea strainer with tea .
the person put the rest of the tea away .
the person got some sugar from the pantry .
the person poured the hot water into the tea pot .
the person put the tea strainer in the tea pot .
the person put away the kettle .
the person rinsed a spoon .
the person dried the spoon .
the person got a tea cup and saucer from the pantry .
the person added some sugar to a tea cup .
the person rinsed the spoon .
the person set the spoon on the saucer .
the person removed the tea strainer .
the person rinsed the tea strainer at the sink .
before the person emptied the tea strainer of the tea leaved .
the person poured the tea into the tea cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person rinsed the spoon .
the person put the spoon away .
the person took out an electric tea kettle .
the person filled an electric tea kettle with water from the kitchen faucet .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person got a pitcher and tea ball out of the cupboard .
the person got a bag of tea from the cupboard .
the person put the tea in the tea ball , .
the person put the bag back in the cupboard .
the person took out a bag of sugar .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person poured the hot water in the pitcher .
the person placed the tea ball inside .
the person put up the kettle and hotplate .
the person rinsed off the spoon he used to put tea in the ball .
the person waited for the tea to steep .
the person brought a teacup and saucer out of the cupboard .
the person spooned sugar into the teacup .
the person put the bag of sugar away .
the person rinsed off the spoon .
the person placed the spoon on the saucer .
once the tea had steeped , the person removed the tea ball .
the person cleaned the tea ball .
the person put the tea ball back in the drawer .
the person poured the tea .
the person stirred the tea .
the person rinsed the spoon .
the person put the spoon back in the drawer .
the person grabbed an appliance .
the person filled an appliance with water .
the person filled a tea bag with some tea .
the person put some of the things he used away .
the person placed some sugar on a counter .
the person washed a spoon .
the person dried a spoon .
the person waited for the tea to finish .
the person added sugar to the cups and saucer .
the person put the sugar away .
the person washed the spoon .
the person placed the spoon to the cup and saucer .
the person removed the tea bag .
the person cleaned the tea bag .
the person cleaned the tea bag .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person removed a water boiling machine from a cupboard .
the person filled a water boiling machine with water .
the person plugged a water boiling machine in to a socket .
the person removed a glass tea pot from the cupboard .
the person took a bag of tea from the cupboard .
the person placed tea into a metal tea bag .
the person returned the tea to the cupboard .
the person took sugar from the cupboard .
the person poured the hot water from the machine into the tea pot .
the person placed the metal tea bag into the tea pot .
the person returned the water heating machine to the cupboard .
the person took a platter and tea cup from the cupboard .
the person added sugar to the cup .
the person poured tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person got a small water heater .
the person filled a small water heater with water .
the person plugged a small water heater in .
the person turned a small water heater on .
the person took out a small decanter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got something out .
the person placed something on the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person spooned some tea into the teapot .
the person put the tea back in the cupboard .
the person took out a bag of sugar .
the person unplugged the water heater .
the person poured some water into the decanter .
the person added a tea bag .
the person put the teapot away .
the person steeped the tea bag .
the person waited the tea brewed .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a saucer and cup .
the person steeped the tea bag again .
the person added sugar to the cup .
the person returned the sugar .
the person rinsed the spoon of .
the person waited some more .
the person took the tea bag out .
the person did something int he sink .
the person put the tea bag back in the drawer .
the person poured tea in the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person rinsed the spoon .
the person put the spoon away .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person removed a hot plate and maker from a cabinet .
the person took a bag of tea and tea pot from the cabinet .
the person got a tea ball and spoon from a drawer .
the person spooned tea into the tea ball .
the person put the bag of tea back into the cabinet .
the person took out sugar .
the person the water into the tea pot .
the person put the tea ball in the tea pot .
the person put the hot plate and maker back in the cabinet .
the person stirred the tea .
the person got a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person added sugar to the cup .
the person put the sugar back in the cabinet .
the person took out the tea ball , .
the person rinsed the tea ball , .
the person poured the contents into the garbage , .
the person rinsed the tea ball again , .
the person put the tea ball back in the drawer .
the person poured tea into the put .
the person entered the kitchen .
from beneath a counter got an electric kettle .
the person filled an electric kettle with water from the sink .
the person plugged the base in .
the person put the kettle on it was base .
the person got a tea pot from beneath the counter .
the person set a tea pot on the counter .
the person got out some small utensils .
the person wealked to the cabinet .
the person got a bag of tea from the cabinet .
the person scooped some tea into a tea steeper .
the person put the tea away .
the person got out some sugar from the cabinet .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person poured the water into the tea pot .
the person put the steeper into the tea pot .
the person put the tea steeper in the tea pot .
the person put the electric kettle away .
the person rinsed the tea scoop in the sink .
the person waited for the tea to steep .
the person got a tea cup from the cabinet .
the person scooped sugar into the cup .
the person put the sugar away .
the person rinsed the spoon .
the person emptied the tea steeper into the trash .
the person rinsed the tea steeper in the sink .
the person poured tea into the tea cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got some pasta , olive oil and salt from the pantry .
the person waited for the water to boil for a long time .
the person checked the water occasionally .
the person added salt , oil and pasta once the water started to boil .
the person threw away the pasta bag .
the person stirred the pasta with a spatula .
the person checked his phone .
the person put away the salt and oil .
the person stirred the pasta again .
the person put a colander in the sink .
the person checked his phone again .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person waited , .
the person tasted some of the pasta .
the person stirred , .
the person let the pasta cook longer .
the person tried the pasta again .
the person checked his phone periodically .
the person decided to let the pasta cook for longer again .
the person dumped the contents of the pot into the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person rinsed the pot .
the person got a bowl from the pantry .
the person poured the pasta from the colander to the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took a pot from under the stove .
put water in the pot .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person rinsed the lid .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person brought a bag of pasta and some oil from the cabinet .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added oil .
the person pour the pasta to the water .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person looked at his cell phone .
the person put the oil and seasoning back into the cabinet .
the person placed a colander in the sink , .
the person looked at his cell phone .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person tasted the pasta with a spoon .
the person looked at his cell phone .
the person turned off the stove .
the person drained the pasta into the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta , .
put water into the pot .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person placed the bowl on the counter .
a young person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a pot with a lid from the cabinet .
the person half filled the pot with water , .
the person turned the stove on .
the person set the pot on the stove , .
the person rinsed the lid in the sink .
the person covered the pot with the lid .
the person placed the lid on the pot , .
the person went over to the cabinet .
the person retrieved a bag of noodles and a bottle of sauce .
the person set a bag of noodles and a bottle of sauce on the counter .
a few minutes the person went over to the cabinet again .
the person took something out that appeared to be salt .
the person placed the salt on the cabinet along with the noodles and sauce .
the person went back to stand in front of the pot .
the person stood in front of the stove with his hands folded in front of his body .
the person watched the pot .
the person waited for the water inside to boil .
a the person raised his head .
the person leaned slightly toward the kitchen doorway as though he heard someone speak to him .
the person stepped toward the doorway and back , .
the person nodded his head .
the person removed the lid from the now boiling pot of water .
the person poured in the salt , the sauce and the entire bag of noodles .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a large wooden spoon .
the person stirred the pot of noodles with the spoon .
a few more minutes the person took his cell phone out of his pocket .
the person periodically glanced at his cell phone he watched the pot , .
briefly looked at his cell phone .
the person set a colander in the sink .
the person went back to watch the pot .
the person picked up the spoon .
the person stirred the noodles in the pot , .
the person rearranged the pot 's position on the burner .
the young person placed the cell phone back into his pocket , .
the person picked up the spoon .
the person stirred the noodles again .
the person picked a couple of noodles from the spoon , .
the person tasted a couple of noodles , .
the person dropped a couple of noodles back into the pot , .
the person stirred the pot with the spoon again .
the person watched .
the young person picked up the pot .
the person poured the noodles into the colander in the sink to drain and rinse the noodles , .
the person placed the noodles into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a pot from a drawer .
the person filled the pot about half way with water .
the person put the pot on the stove to boil .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person removed oil , pasta , and salt from a cabinet .
the person watched the water for a very , very long time .
the water boiled and the person poured the pasta , a little oil , and some salt into the water .
the person checked his cell phone for a timer .
the person removed a colander .
the person placed a colander in the sink .
the pasta boiled for a few minutes .
the person turned off the stove .
the person drained the pasta into the colander , almost spilling the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person served the pasta in a bowl .
the person took a pot from a drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person put the cover onto the pot .
the person retrieved pasta and oil from a cupboard .
the person took a box of salt from the cupboard .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added salt , oil , and pasta to the boiling pot of water .
the person stirred the noodles with a wooden spoon .
the person returned the oil and salt to the cupboard .
the person retrieved a metal strainer .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person looked towards someone or thing off camera .
the person poured the pasta into the metal strainer .
the person placed the strained pasta into a bowl .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person took out a cooking pan .
the person took a cooking pan over to the sink .
the person filled a cooking pan with water .
the person followed that he put the pan on the stove .
the person walked back over .
the person put the lid of the pan on the pot .
the person got out the ingredients .
the person waited .
the person took the lid off .
the pot stared boiling .
the person started adding ingredients .
the person started steering , .
the person checked his phone .
the person put up the ingredients .
the person placed the spoon on the lid .
the person waited a few minutes .
the person waited another few minutes .
the person tasted the food again .
the person checked tasted the food .
the person checked his phone again .
the person chewed on his finger nails .
the person took the pot off the stove .
the person poured the pot into a bowl in the sing , which almost split over .
the person put the pot into another bowl and the video ended .
the person took out a pot .
the person put some water in the pot .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person opened the pantry , .
the person got some pasta and some flavoring .
the person also opened the pantry .
the person got some salt .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person put some salt in the boiled water .
the person put some flavoring in the water .
the person put the pasta in the water .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person got a spoon , .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got out a strainer .
the person let the pasta cook .
the person drained the cooked pasta .
the person rinsed the cooked pasta off .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a small bowl .
the person put the cooked pasta in the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot and cover out of the drawer .
the person retrieved a pot from a drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person rinsed the cover .
the person put the cover on the pot .
the person took a bag of pasta , olive oil and salt out of the cabinet .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person poured salt , olive oil and pasta into the pot .
the person threw out the empty bag .
the person took out a wooden spoon .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person put the olive oil and salt away .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person took out a colander .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person tested a piece of pasta to see if the piece of pasta was done .
the person poured the cooked pasta into the colander .
the person drained the cooked pasta .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the counter .
the person took out a small bowl .
the person poured the drained pasta into the bowl .
the person got out a pot with a lid .
the person filled the pot with water at the sink .
the person placed the pot on a burner , .
the person rinsed the lid , .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person took a bag of pasta and a bottle of oil out of a cupboard , .
the person got out a box of salt .
the person waited for the water to boil , .
the person added salt and oil to the water .
the person added the pasta to the water , .
the person got out a wooden spoon , .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person put the salt and oil away , .
the person took out a colander .
the person placed the colander in the sink .
the person stirred the boiling pasta from time to time , .
the person took the pot off the heat .
the person poured the pasta into the colander , .
the person rinsed the pasta under the tap .
the person rinsed the pot .
the person set the pot aside , .
the person got out a bowl .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person took out pasta , salt , and oil from the cabinet .
the person added salt , oil , and pasta to the pot .
the person stirred the pot .
the person removed a strainer from the drawer .
the person put the strainer in the sink .
the person tasted a piece of pasta .
the person strained the pasta .
the person filled the pot with more water .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person got a pot .
a and filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person collected pasta , oil , and salt from the cabinet .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added salt , oil , and the pasta to the water .
the person got a spoon .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person got a colander .
the person placed the colander in the sink .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person placed the past in a bowl .
the person grabbed a pot .
the person rinsed a pot out .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person rinsed the pot lid off .
the person placed the pot lid on the pot .
the made placed some pasta and other ingredients on the counter .
the person removed the lid from the pasta .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person waited for the pasta to boil .
the person tasted the pasta .
the person used a pasta strainer to strain the pasta in the sink .
the person placed the pasta in a bowl .
the person threw away his trash .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a pot out of the drawer .
the person poured water into the pot using the sink .
the person placed the pot of water onto the stove .
the person grabbed pasta and oil out of the cabinet .
the person poured oil and seasoning into the pot .
the person poured the pasta into the pot of boiling water .
the person stirred the pasta inside the pot .
the person pulled a strainer out of the drawer .
the person poured the pot onto the strainer in the sink .
the person grabbed a small bowl out of the cabinet .
the person poured the pasta from the strainer into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person rinsed the lid .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person got a few things from the cabinet .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added salt and oil .
the person added pasta .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person put the oil and salt away .
the person stirred the pot again .
the person stirred the pot again .
the person waited , .
the person fished out a piece of pasta .
the person tested a piece of pasta .
the person tested the pasta again .
the person put the spoon aside .
the person waited a bit more .
the person picked up the pot .
the person emptied the pasta in a strainer in the sink .
the person rinsed the pot .
the person added more water to the pot .
the person got out a bowl .
the person poured pasta into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a pot from under the counter .
the person rinsed the pot at the sink .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person returned to the sink .
the person rinsed the pot lid .
before placing the pot lid on top of the pot .
from a cabinet , the person took a bag of pasta , a bottle of olive oil , and a small box of salt .
the person patiently waited for the water to boil .
the water boiled , .
the person added salt and olive oil to the water .
the person poured the pasta into the water .
the person disposed of the empty bag .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person stirred , .
the person checked his phone quickly .
the person returned the phone to his pocket .
the person returned the salt and the oil to the cupboard .
the person stirred the pasta again .
the person took a colander from a drawer under the counter .
the person set the colander in the sink .
the person waited for the pasta to finish cooking ; .
or glanced at his cell phone .
occasionally the person gave the pasta a stir .
twice the person checked the pasta by tasting a piece .
the person turned off the stove .
the person drained the pasta in the colander .
the person drained the pasta , .
the colander tilted , .
so picked some errant pasta out of the bottom of the sink .
the person threw the errant pasta in the trash .
the person rinsed the pasta and the pot .
the person transferred the pasta to a bowl that he had taken out of a cupboard .
the asian gentleman came into the kitchen .
the person rinsed off a pot .
the person set the pot of water on an electric stove .
once the water started to boil the gentleman put ingredients , pasta included , into the boiler .
the fellow stirred his boiling pasta .
our friend stirred his pasta studiously to say the least .
our friend patiently waited for the pasta to attain his desired texture .
a taste test .
the person returned the pasta back to the pasta 's boiling home .
our friend washed the pasta to remove excess starch .
the person removed a few noodles that fell into the sink , .
the person returned to the cabinet that contained the pasta ingredients .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person put water into a large pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person lifted the lid checked to make sure the water was hot .
the person added oil to the boiling water .
the person poured in some pasta .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took a strainer out from the cabinet .
the person put the strainer in the sink .
the person stirred the pasta a few more times .
a , the person tested a piece of pasta for tenderness .
the person drained the water off the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person discarded the pieces that fell out into the sink .
the person got out a bowl .
the person poured the pasta into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out olive oil and pasta .
the person put salt and olive oil into the pot .
the person poured the pasta into the boiling water .
the person put a strainer in the sink .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person strained the pasta .
the person took out a bowl .
the person filled the bowl with pasta .
the person placed a cooking pot under a faucet , .
the person rinsed the cooking pot out , .
the person filled the cooking pot about half full with water .
the person placed the cooking pot on a stove top .
the person rinsed off the pot lid under the faucet .
the person placed the pot lid on the pot .
the person retrieved a bottle of olive oil , a bag of dry pasta , and a box of salt , .
the person placed all of these on the counter .
the person waited until the water in the pot began to boil .
the person added salt , olive oil and the dry pasta to the boiling water in the pot .
the person discarded the empty pasta bag into the trash .
the person retrieved a large wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person used a large wooden spoon to stir the contents of the pot .
the person returned the olive oil and salt to the cupboard .
the person left the pot uncovered .
the person retrieved a colander , .
the person placed the retrieved in the sink .
the person stirred the pot with the spoon occasionally as the water boiled .
the person twice used the spoon , .
the person removed one piece of pasta from the pot , .
the person removed the pot from the stove , .
the person took the pot to the sink , .
the person dumped the pot ed contents into the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta in the colander under the faucet , .
the person filled the bottom of the cooking pot with water .
the person lifted the colander , .
the person ensured all of the water drained from the pasta .
the person dumped the pasta from the colander into a serving bowl .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person got a peeler , knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot under the faucet .
the person put a carrot on the cutting board .
the person cut off the ends .
the person peeled a carrot with the peeler .
the person cut a carrot into long strips .
the person chopped a carrot up .
the person put the ends and peel in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person drew a cutting board , knife , and a peeler from a drawer .
the person took a carrot from a refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot off .
the person cut the end from the carrot on the cutting board .
the person peeled the outside away from the carrot with the peeler .
the person sliced the carrot into bits with the knife length-wise .
the person discarded the carrot peelings .
the person placed the knife in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , peeler and knife from under the counter .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person rinsed a carrot .
the person cut off the end .
the person used the peeler to peel a carrot .
the person used the knife to thinly slice the carrot lengthwise .
the person cut the long pieces into shorter pieces .
the person threw away the skin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board , vegetable peeler and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut off the ends of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot with the vegetable peeler .
the person sliced the carrot lengthwise .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person threw the peelings into the garbage pail .
the person put the vegetable peeler and knife into the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person took out a peeler .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into pieces with the knife .
the person disposed of the carrot peeled .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , and peeler from the drawer .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person peeled some of the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into thin slices .
the person cut the thin slices in half .
the person threw the scrap pieces into the garbage .
the person took a knife , peeler , and cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into strips .
the person cut the strips into thirds .
the person put the waste peeled in the trash .
the person got a knife , cutting board , and a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person got carrots from a refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot in a sink .
the person cut the ends off of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot with the peeler .
the person cut the carrots lengthwise .
the person cut the carrots into matchsticks .
the person put the skin in a trash can .
the person got a cutting board and knife out of the drawers .
the person also got a peeler .
the person went to refrigerator .
the person got a carrot .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the ends of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot lengthwise .
the person cut the carrot in widths .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board , knife , and peeler out of the drawer .
the person grabbed a carrot out of the fridge .
the person peeled the carrot using the peeler .
the person sliced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person tossed the carrot skins into the garbage .
the person took a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person took a peeler from the cabinet .
the person took a knife from the cabinet .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut off the ends of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut up the carrot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board , knife and peeler on the counter .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot in the sink .
the person peeled the carrot on the cutting board .
the person sliced the carrots into thin lengthwise stuck .
the person cut the sticks into thirds .
the person discarded the peelings .
the person placed his utensils the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took out a carrot , .
the person washed a carrot , .
the person cut a carrot .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person diced the carrot .
the person threw the peels into the thrash can .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person took the peeler out of the drawer .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person took the carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot under running water .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut chopped the carrot .
the person got a cutting board , a peeler , and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into sticks .
the person cut the sticks into thirds .
the person put the peels in the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a cutting board .
the person selected a knife to use as well , .
the person went to get a carrot .
the person selected a fresh carrot to use for cooking .
the person washed the carrot off , .
the person cut the stem off of the carrot .
the person used a peeler .
the person scraped off the rough outer surface of the vegetable .
the person used the knife to slice the carrot into thin strips .
the person cut the carrot into strips , .
the person chopped the strips into smaller pieces .
the person collected these pieces into a pile , .
the person separated the pieces from the carrot 's trimmings .
the person picked up the carrot 's trimmings , .
the person threw the carrot 's trimmings into the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed other kitchen utensils from the drawer .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed a carrot .
the person rinsed off the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced up the carrot .
the person picked up the peels .
the person threw the peels in the trash can .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person washed some carrots .
the person used a peeler to peel some carrots .
the person diced the carrots .
the person threw the carrot peelings away .
the person placed the knife to the side .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person removed a vegetable peeler and knife from the drawer .
the person grabbed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot in the sink .
the person chopped the ends off the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot into long strips .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person threw the peels in the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board from a lower cabinet .
the person got out a vegetable peeler and a large knife from a drawer above the cabinet where the cutting board was .
the person got out a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot .
the person used the large knife to cut off the ends of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot in half length wise twice , .
before the person cut the carrot in a julienne fashion .
the person threw the peelings away .
the person placed the peeler and the knife to the side of the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi from the fridge .
the person set a kiwi in the sink .
the person got a cutting board , knife and peeler from under the counter .
the person rinsed the kiwi and and his utensils .
the person cut the ends off the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into thin slices .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person placed the sliced the kiwi on the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and his utensils .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retreaved a small kiwi .
the person grabed a cutting board/knife and peeler .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person proceeded to peel the skin , .
the person rotated the kiwi in his hand .
the person rinsed the tools .
the person got a kiwi from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board , a knife , and vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person cut the ends off the kiwi .
the person peeled the skin off the kiwi with the peeler .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person cut the kiwi into circles .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the kiwi on the plate .
the person put the kiwi skin in the trash .
the person rinsed the cutting board , knife , and vegetable peeler in the sink .
the person removed a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and peeler from the drawer .
the person rinsed the kiwi in the sink .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed a knife .
the person also rinsed the peeler .
the person cut the ends of the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person picked the kiwi sliced up .
the person put the kiwi slices on the plate .
the person washed the cutting board , knife , and peeler .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person put a kiwi in the sink .
the person took out a peeler and a cutting board .
the person washed the kiwi in the sink .
the person took out a knife .
the person rinsed the knife and peeler .
the person cut off the ends of the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person washed his hands .
the person thinly sliced the kiwi .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the sliced kiwi onto the plate .
the person disposed of the kiwi peel .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person put the kiwi in the sink .
the person took a peeler out of a drawer and a cutting board out of another .
the person rinsed the kiwi off in the sink .
the person sliced both ends of the kiwi off with the knife .
the person peeled the kiwi 's skin off .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person sliced the kiwi with the knife .
the person took a plate out of the pantry .
the person put the kiwi slices on a plate .
the person threw the kiwi skins away .
the person cleaned the peeler and cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator door .
the person reached for the top shelf .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person took a kiwi to the sink .
the person placed the kiwi onto the counter .
the person opened a drawer filled with kitchen tools and utensils .
the person took out a potato peeler .
the person began to close the drawer , opened the drawer again .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person turned on the sink faucet , .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person took the knife , .
the person laid the kiwi on the board , .
the person cut two slices off one end .
the person took the peeler .
the person used the peeler to remove the peel from the kiwi .
the person laid the peeled kiwi onto the cutting board , .
the person cut the rest of the fruit into slices .
the person finished , he washed his hands .
the person walked to a cabinet behind his , .
the person opened the door , .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person transferred the slices of kiwi onto the plate .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person washed the cutting board , the knife , and the peeler .
the person wiped his hands on a towel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi from the fridge .
the person placed the kiwi in the sink .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person got a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the kiwi in the sink .
the person placed the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the knife and peeler in the sink .
the person cut the ends off of the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person slid the kiwi sliced onto the plate .
the person threw away the kiwi skin and ended .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a kiwi , a peeler and a cutting board .
the person washed the kiwi in the sink , .
the person took out a knife .
the person washed the utensils .
the person cut the top and bottom off of the kiwi , .
the person used the peeler to remove the skin from the main portion .
the person cut the kiwi into thin discs .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person threw away the kiwi peeled .
the person washed the utensils and cutting board , .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed a kiwi .
the person took a kiwi to the sink .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a vegetable peeler .
the person opened another drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person washed the kiwi and his hands , .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person removed a knife .
the person washed the knife and the peeler , .
the person sliced the end off of the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi with the peeler .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a plate from a cabinet .
the person slid the kiwi onto the plate .
the person put the peel in the trash .
the person washed the cutting board , knife , and peeler .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person got a peeler and cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person cut the ends off the kiwi .
the person peeled the skin from the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi with the knife .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the kiwi on the plate .
the person washed the utensils .
the person came in the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person got a peeler and a cutting board .
the person rinsed the kiwi fruit .
the person put the fruit on the board .
the person rinsed a knife and the peeler in the sink .
the person cut two slices off the fruit with the knife .
the person took the skin off the rest of the fruit with the peeler .
the person resumed slicing the fruit with the knife .
the person got a saucer from the cabinet .
the person placed the kiwi fruit slices on the saucer .
the person rinsed the board , knife , and peeler .
the person dried his hands with the towel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person put the kiwi in the sink .
the person set out a cutting board and peeler .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person set the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person peeled the kiwi with the peeler .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person discarded the trimmings into the waste bin .
the person rinsed the cutting board , peeler and knife in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person retrieved a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person set a kiwi in the sink .
the person took a peeler and a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person placed a peeler and a cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the kiwi , .
the person used a knife to slice off the ends .
the person used the peeler , he removed the rind from the kiwi , .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person sliced the fruit .
the person retrieved a plate from the cupboard to set the kiwi on .
the person took the refuse .
the person threw the refuse in the garbage .
the person removed one kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a peeler and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the kiwi in the sink .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the knife and the peeler under the tap .
the person cut the ends off of the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi fruit .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person sliced the kiwi with the knife .
the person scraped the kiwi onto a plate .
the person threw the skins and ended into the trash bin .
the person rinsed the cutting board , knife , and peeler .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person put a kiwi in the sink .
the person took a cutting board and vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person washed the vegetable peeler and the knife .
the person cut the ends off the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person washed his hands .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person pushed the kiwi onto the plate with the knife .
the person threw out the debris .
the person washed the cutting board , vegetable peeler and knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person placed the kiwi in the sink .
the person grabbed a potato peeler from a drawer .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the knife and potato peeler at the sink .
the person cut both ends of the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi with the potato peeler .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person washed his hands .
the person grabbed a plate from a cabinet .
the person placed the sliced kiwi pieces on a plate .
the person threw in the garbage the ends and kiwi skin .
the person washed the cutting board , the knife and the peeler .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a kiwi from a refrigerator .
the person placed the kiwi in the sink , .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person took out a grater and circular cutting board .
the person washed the kiwi in the sink .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person washed a knife .
the person rinsed the grater in a sink .
the person cut off the end of the kiwi with the knife .
the person took the grater to peel the skin .
the person washed his hands .
the person sliced the kiwi with the knife .
the person rinsed his hands again .
the person wiped his hands on a towel .
the person turned .
the person walked to a cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person put the kiwi on the plate with the knife .
the person threw the peels away .
the person rinsed his utensils .
the person put the knife and grater on the board .
the person wiped his hands .
the person removed a kiwi from the fridge .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut each end off of the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person placed the kiwi on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a kiwi out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board , knife , and peeler out the drawer .
the person sliced the top and bottom of the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi using a peeler .
the person sliced the kiwi into little pieces .
the person grabbed a white plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the kiwi on the white plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out several oranges .
the person took out a knife .
the person took out one orange .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person peeled the orange with a knife .
the person cut the peeled orange in half .
the person pulled the halved orange into more pieces .
the person disposed of the orange peel .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bag of oranges from the fridge .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut open the bag .
the person rinsed one of the oranges .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the orange , .
the person put the rind on the plate .
the person used the knife to remove some of the peel .
the person tore the orange open .
the person separated the orange into sections .
the person threw away the peel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a sack of oranges from the refrigerator .
the person placed a sack of oranges on the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person used the knife to cut the sack of oranges open .
the person took one of the oranges from the sack .
the person rinsed one of the oranges in the sink .
the person dried the orange with a towel .
the person was done , he went to a cabinet .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person sat the plate on the counter .
the person began to cut into the orange .
the person used the cut as a guide to peel the skin off .
the person was done , he used the knife to cut off any remaining skin .
the person pulled the orange into halves .
the person placed the orange on the plate .
the person collected the peels .
the person discarded the peels into the trash .
the person pulled the orange apart some more .
the person entered into kitchen .
the person walked towards the fridge .
the person took orange bag from fridge .
the person put the orange bag on counter top .
the person the took a knife from the shelf .
the person cut the bag .
the person took an orange from the bag .
the person washed the orange .
the person wiped the orange with a napkin .
the person took a plate from the wardrobe .
the person put a plate on counter top .
the person cut small upper portion of the orange .
the person kept that small upper portion of orange on counter .
the person peeled the skin of orange by using knife and his hand .
the person placed small upper portion of orange that he kept on counter into plate .
the person made the peeled orange into three parts .
the person took all the orange peels into his hand .
the person opened a drawer with dustbin .
the person disposed all the peels into a drawer with dustbin .
the person closed the shelf with his leg .
the person made the orange into more slices .
the person kept the plate at the center of counter .
the person rubbed his hands .
the person retrieved an orange from a bag in the refrigerator .
the person took the orange to the sink .
the person washed the orange .
the person used a knife to peel the orange .
the person broke the orange into pieces , .
the person threw away the rind .
the person separated the orange sections again .
the person arranged the orange sections on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a package of oranges and a knife .
the person removed one orange from the package , .
the person washed one orange .
the person dried one orange .
the person took out a plate .
the person cut the peel off of the top of the orange , .
the person proceeded to peel the rest of the orange .
the person removed the peel , .
the person ripped the orange in half .
the person threw out the peel .
the person ripped each half in two to make quarters .
the person entered .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out a sack of oranges .
from the drawer , the person took out a knife to open the sack .
the person rinsed an orange .
the person dried an orange on a towel .
from the cabinet , the person took out a plate .
the person used the knife to score the orange peel .
the person proceeded to peel the orange peel , albeit with some difficulty .
the person used the knife to remove excess pith .
the person peeled the orange in half .
the person threw away the peel .
the person took a package of oranges out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the package open .
the person removed one orange .
the person rinsed the orange under the tap .
the person dried the orange .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person cut some of the peel with the knife .
the person peeled the orange .
the person broke the orange apart in half .
the person broke the orange into quarters .
the person threw the peels into the trash .
the person set the plate aside .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a bag of oranges .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person used a knife to open the bag .
the person took an orange out of the bag , .
the person rinsed an orange .
the person dried an orange .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person peeled the orange over the plate using the knife .
the person finished peeling the orange using his fingers .
the person placed the rind on the plate .
the person used the knife to peel the white around the orange .
the person opened the orage .
the person placed the orange on the plate .
the person finished separating the sliced of the orange on the plate .
the person gathered the rind .
the person put the rind in the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator , .
the person opened one of the drawers .
the person picked up a bag of oranges .
the person struggled to get one out of the bag .
closing the drawer and the refrigerator door .
the person took the bag of oranges over to the counter , .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person used the knife to cut the mesh of the bag , .
the person took out one orange .
the person washed the orange at the sink , .
the person dried the orange with a towel .
the person went to a cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person walked back to the counter with the plate .
the person set the plate down .
the person peeled the orange with the knife and his fingers .
the person split the orange in two .
the person removed the core fiber .
the person collected the pieces of orange rind .
the person threw the pieces of orange rind away .
the person split the orange into more segments , .
the person moved the plate over .
the person rubbed his hands together because they were sticky from the orange oils .
the person pulled a bag of oranges out of the drawer in the refrigerator .
the person picked a knife from the kitchen drawer , .
the person had to cut the netting open to get an orange .
the person rinsed the orange under tap water .
the person dried the orange with a kitchen towel .
on a plate from the cupboard , the person began to peel the orange .
the person first scored the orange along the top .
this allowed his to pull off a circular piece of peel with his hands .
so the person first made several more scores perpendicular to the first one .
further cleaning the orange , .
the person separated the orange into halves and quarters on the plate .
the person collected the peel and pith from the plate .
the person threw the peel and pith in the trash .
a young person walked into the kitchen .
the person headed towards the fridge .
the person got to the fridge he opened the fridge , .
the person began rummaging through the crisper drawer .
the person pulled out of the drawer what look to be a sack of oranges .
the person headed over to the counter top , .
the person opened a drawer .
the person selected a small knife .
the person used the knife to open the sack of oranges .
the person pulled one orange out from the sack .
the person went over to the kitchen sink .
the person proceeded to wash the orange off , .
dry the orange with a rag .
the person went over to a cabinet adjacent to the fridge , .
the person pulled out a small saucer .
the person took the knife that he had selected .
the person began to peel the orange .
the person cut the orange down into sections he peeled the orange .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an bag of oranges from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife from the door .
the person cut open the bag .
the person took and orange from the bag .
the person rinsed an orange in the sink .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the orange with the knife and his hands .
the person put the peelings on the plate .
the person separated the orange into two pieces .
the person tossed the peelings into the waste bin .
the person separated the segments into four .
the person pushed the plate aside .
the person removed a bag of oranges from the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the bag open with the knife .
the person washed one orange , .
the person dried one orange with a towel .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the orange using his hands and the knife .
the person split the orange in half .
the person threw the orange peels in the garbage .
the person split the orange halves into fourths .
the person came in to the kitchen .
the person took out a bag of oranges from the refrigerator .
the person set the oranges on the table .
the person opened the bag with a knife .
the person rinsed off one of the oranges in the sink .
the person dried the oranges off with a towel .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person began peeling the orange .
the person scraped off the remaining white coating .
the person pulled the orange apart into segments .
the person threw away the peel .
the person took out a bag of oranges from the refrigerator .
the person cut open the bag .
the person took one orange out .
the person washed the orange .
the person dried the orange .
the person took out a plate .
the person now made a slit all around the orange , around five centimeters away from the end .
the person pulled off the cut portion of the rind .
the person loosened up the rind left on the orange by running the tip of the knife between the fruit and the rind .
the person made vertical slits , deep enough to cut the rind , at several places on the surface of the orange .
the person peeled off the rind by hand .
with the knife , the person peeled off only the excessive fiber of the orange from a few places .
the person pulled apart the orange into half by hand .
the person took each half .
the person pulled each half open into two again by hand .
the person entered in the kitchen room .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a bag of oranges .
the person placed a bag of oranges on the prep area .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person took a knife outside .
the person opened the bag with the knife , .
the person took an orange .
the person washed an orange with water .
the person wiped well with a towel .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate out .
the person placed the plate on the prep area .
the person peeled the skin of orange with the knife .
the person divided the fruit into six asides .
the person placed the fruit on the plate with the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a bag of oranges out the fridge .
the person grabbed a small white plate out the fridge .
the person peeled the orange using a knife on top of a white plate .
the person peeled the rest of the orange with his hands .
the person broke apart the orange using his hands .
the person tossed the orange skins into the garbage .
the person gathered a bag of oranges from a refrigerator .
the person removed a small knife from a drawer .
the person cut open the bag .
the person removed an orange from the bag .
the person rinsed the orange .
the person dried the orange .
the person gathered a plate from a cupboard .
the person began to peel the orange with the knife over the plate .
the person used his hands to finish removing the peel from the orange .
the person used the knife to remove unwanted skin from the outer orange .
the person pulled the orange apart with his hand .
the person discarded the orange peel .
the person further broke apart the orange slices by hand .
the person took two potatoes out of a closet .
the person washed the potatoes in a silver bowl , .
the person placed the potatoes on a wooded cutting board .
the person cut the potatoes into square pieces , .
the person put the potatoes in a silver bowl with water .
the person placed a silver pot on the top of the stove , .
the person put the potatoes and water into the pot .
the person added some salt .
the person placed a cover over the pot .
the person boiled the potatoes for about three minutes , .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person drained the water out .
the person poured sauce from a bottle into the frying pan .
the person put the potatoes in the frying pan .
the person cooked the potatoes .
the person began to stir the potatoes , .
the person added some seasonings .
the person stirred the potatoes for about four minutes .
the person washed the pot .
the person placed the cooked potatoes into a white ceramic bowl , .
the person washed the frying pan .
the person went into his kitchen .
the person got out two potatoes , a knife , a cutting board , and a small metal bowl .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person diced the first potatoe .
the person added the potato to the bowl , .
the person added water to cover the potatoes .
the person diced the other potato .
the person added the other potato into the bowl , .
the person added a little more water to cover .
the person got out a small pot .
the person added the potatoes to the small pot , a little more water and some salt .
the person waited for the potatoes to boil .
the person got out a frying pan .
the person placed the frying pan on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person got out some olive oil from the cabinet .
the person added the olive oil to the pan .
the person added the potatoes to the frying pan .
the person stirred the potatoes .
the person added several seasonings to the potatoes .
the person continued to stir .
the person cooked the potatoes for a few minutes .
the person fried the potatoes for several minutes until they became golden brown .
the person cleaned up his mess as the potatoes finished cooking .
the person served the potatoes in a bowl .
the person cleaned up the frying pan .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a potato from the cabinet .
the person took a knife , cutting board and bowl from the drawer .
the person rinsed the potato and bowl in the sink .
the person sliced and diced the potato into small diced .
the person added water to the bowl of potatoes .
the person took a pot and lid from under the stove .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person poured the bowl of water and potatoes into the pot .
the person used the bowl to add more water to the pot .
the person salted the pot of potatoes , .
the person covered the pot of potatoes .
the person took a skillet from the drawer .
the person placed the skillet on the stove , .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person drained the water from the pot over the sink .
the person added oil to the skillet , .
the person poured the potatoes into the skillet .
the person stirred the potatoes with a wooden spatula .
the person added spices to the skillet .
the person added oil to the skillet .
the person stirred the potatoes .
the person cleaned the pot in the sink .
the person poured the potatoes into a serving bowl .
the person rinsed the skillet in the sink .
the person put the skillet away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed two potato out of the pantry .
the person got a knife , a cutting board and a bowl out of a drawer .
the person began to slice the first potato into small pieces .
the person chopped those potatoes into even smaller pieces .
the person put the cut up potatoes into the bowl .
the person filled the remaining space with water from the sink to his left .
the person cut the second potato up .
the person put the second potato into the bowl along with the first .
the person took the potatoes out .
the person cut the potatoes up a little more .
the person rinsed off the cutting board in the sink .
the person put the cutting board back down on the counter .
the person poured more water in the potato bowl .
the person got a pan from the drawer .
the person put the pan on the stove top .
the person poured the potatoes into the pan .
the person added spices to the pan .
the person put the lid on , .
the person let the potatoes heat .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person watched the pan .
the person drained the water from the pan .
the person poured the potatoes onto a skillet along with sauce .
the person added more seasoning .
mixed the potatoes around in the sauce .
the person put the potatoes into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , knife , metal bowl , and potatoes .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person diced the potatoes into small pieces .
the person got a saucepan out .
the person put the saucepan on the stove .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person put the potatoes and water into the saucepan , .
the person added more water , .
the person added some spices , .
the person covered the pot with a lid .
the potatoes cooked , .
the person got a frying pan out .
the person placed the frying pan on the stove .
the person drained the pot in the sink , .
the person put some oil in the frying pan on the stove , .
the person put the potatoes in the frying pan .
the person fried the potatoes , .
the person added some spices .
the person stirred the potatoes constantly .
the person washed the saucepan and lid in the sink .
before putting the saucepan and lid away .
the person put the potatoes in a bowl to eat .
before washing the frying pan .
the person put the frying pan away .
the person took two potatoes and not removed their cover .
the person took some potatoes .
the person cut both the potatoes with cover into the very small pieces on wooden chakla .
the person cut with the knife in very small pieces .
the person kept the pieces of potatoes into the water in a bowl .
the person kept all the pieces of potatoes with water into the bowl .
the person started the gas .
the person added pinch of salt also with the potatoes .
the person boiled those potatoes .
the person took a pan .
again start the gas .
the person added some olive oil .
the person became the oil hot he added all the potatoes into the pan .
few seconds the person added some spices .
the person added some turmeric powder and some dhaniya powder and also a pinch of salt .
the person again added some olive oil .
the person took a white bowl .
with all these work the person also cleaned all the things like chakla , knife and the bowl .
the person kept the ready potatoes into the white bowl .
the person kept all the things like chakla , knife and the bowl in their orignal place .
the person walked into kitchen .
the person took out knife .
the person took out bowl .
the person took out cutting board .
the person washed potatoes .
the person cut up one potato .
the person washed one potato .
the person cut up second potato .
the person put the second potato in bowl .
the person washed cutting board .
the person added water to potato .
the person took out pot .
the person turned on stove .
the person put potatoes in pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a potato from the pantry and a knife from the drawer .
the person got a cutting board and bowl from beneath the counter .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes into small pieces .
the person put the cut pieces into the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person added some water to the potato bowl .
the person got a pot from beneath the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added the potatoes and water to the pot , .
the person added salt .
the person got a skillet .
the person drained the potatoes .
the person transferred the potatoes to the skillet with some oil .
the person fried the potatoes in the pan with some spices .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet , .
the person washed the pot .
the person put the pot and lid away , .
the person put the cooked potatoes in the bowl .
the person rinsed the skillet .
the person put the skillet away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out two potatoes and knife .
the person took out a bowl and cutting board .
the person washed the potatoes in the sink .
the person cut the potato into small pieces .
the person took out a pot and lid .
the person boiled the water .
the person added the potato pieces .
the person waited for the potatoes to cook .
the person took out a skillet .
the person drained the water .
the person added the potato to the skillet with seasonings .
the person stirred the potato pieces around .
the person put the pan cooked potato into a bowl .
the person placed a knife and cutting board onto the counter .
the person placed potatoes into a metal bowl .
the person rinsed the potatoes under running water .
the person sliced the potatoes lengthwise .
the person cut the slices widthwise into small pieces .
the person placed the cut potatoes into a pot .
the person put water into the pot of potatoes .
the person placed a pan onto the stove top .
the person drained the boiled potatoes .
the person added oil and the potatoes to the pan .
the person seasoned the potatoes .
the person stirred the potatoes .
the person put away the cleaned pot and pan .
the person placed the pan fried potatoes into a bowl .
the person washed two small potatoes in a steel bowl under water .
the person cut the potatoes in half on a cutting board with a knife .
the person cut the potatoes lengthwise into small strips .
the person cut the strips into cubes .
the person placed the cubes into the bowl , .
the person added enough water to cover the potatoes .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person placed the potatoes and water into a medium pot .
the person added salt to the potatoes .
the person heated the pot for two minutes .
the person drained the potatoes , .
the person placed the potatoes in a large frying pan coated with cooking oil .
the person stirred the potatoes in the frying pan with a flat-topped wooden spoon , .
the person added salt , pepper and chili powder .
the person continued to stir , .
the person added oil two minutes .
the person stirred constantly for another three minutes .
the person cleaned the pot and frying pan .
the person placed the browned potatoes into a bowl , .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two potatoes , a knife , cutting board and bowl .
the person washed one potato in the bowl with water .
the person sliced the potato in half .
the person sliced each half to make sticks .
the person sliced each half to make sticks .
the person diced the potato .
the person diced the sticks .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
once finished , the person added some water into the bowl with the potatoes .
the person took out a pot , .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person turned on the burner .
the person poured the potato bowl into the pot .
the person filled the empty bowl with a small amount of water , .
the person poured the water into the pot .
the person sprinkled some salt into the pot , .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person waited for the potatoes to cook .
the person took out a frying pan , .
a , the person took the pot .
the person poured the water out of the pot , using the lid to catch the potatoes .
the person poured some olive oil into the pan , .
the person added the potatoes .
the person added some spices .
the person stirred the potatoes with a wooden spoon , .
the person added some more olive oil .
the person sauteed the potatoes for a few minutes , .
several more minutes , the person grabbed a bowl , .
the person washed the pot and lid , .
the person placed the potatoes into the bowl .
the person got the potatoes out of the cabinet .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person diced the potatoes up .
the person put the potatoes in a bowl with water .
the person got out a pot .
the person turned on the stove .
the person cooked the potatoes with water in the pot .
a the person got out a skillet .
the person stirred the potatoes .
the person seasoned the potatoes .
the person waited for the potatoes to cook .
the person fried the potatoes .
the person took out a bowl .
the person washed the pot .
the person put the potatoes into the bowl .
the person washed the skillet .
the person wearing a checkered shirt walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cleaned the potato .
the person cut the potato into pieces .
the person cut the pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the metal bowl .
the person added water into the bowl .
the person cut another potato .
the person placed the potato into the metal bowl .
cuts a 3rd potato .
the person placed the potato into a bowl .
the person took out a big piece out the bowl .
the person took out a pot .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put the bowl of potatoes in the pot .
the person put a little salt in the pot .
the person put a lid on the pot .
the person drained the pot .
fries the potatoes on a pan with oil .
the person got potatoes from a cabinet .
the person got a metal bowl , a cutting board , and a knife from a drawer .
the person put water in the metal bowl .
the person diced the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person got a stock pot from a drawer .
the person put the stock pot on the stove .
the person put the potatoes and water in the pot .
the person added more water using the metal bowl .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person got a frying pan on the stove .
the person strained the potatoes into a sink using the pot lid .
the person put oil in the frying pan .
the person added the potatoes to the frying pan .
the person added salt and pepper to the potatoes .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked potatoes in the bowl .
the person entered his kitchen .
the person gathered cookware and the main ingredient - potatoes .
the person diced the vegetable into small cubes with a knife on a cutting board .
the person cut the first potato , .
the person put the cubes into a bowl .
the person submerged the cubes in a thin layer of water .
the person cut the second potato .
the person tossed the cubes into a bowl , .
the person rinsed the cutting board , .
the person added more water to the potatoes .
the person pulled out a pot , .
the person turned on the convection stove , .
the person added the potatoes , .
the person added more water to cook with .
the person pulled out a skillet , .
the person drained the water , .
the person oiled the skillet , .
the person dumped the remaining cubes into the skillet .
the person put spices in the potatoes , .
the person let the potatoes cook .
the person stirred the potatoes constantly until done .
the person took two potatoes out of a closet .
the person washed two potatoes , .
the person chopped one potato up .
with a little water added to the bowl .
with the other one the person chopped the potato in four pieces .
the person placed three pieces in the bowl of chopped potatoes .
the person proceeded to chop all the pieces .
the person added a little more water to the bowl .
the person put the mixture in a pot .
the person added some seasoning to the pot .
the person let the mixture steam on the stove for a few minutes , .
the person steamed the potatoes , .
the person placed the potatoes in a pot with oil .
the person added more seasoning .
the person fried up the diced potatoes .
the person served the diced potatoes in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a potato and a bowl .
the person washed the potato .
the person cut the potato on a cutting board .
the person placed the cut potato into the bowl .
the person took out a pot .
the person put the pot onto the stove .
the person put water and potato into the pot .
the person seasoned the pot with salt .
the person covered the top with a lid .
the person took out a skillet .
the person placed the skillet onto the stove .
the person strained the potato .
the person put olive oil and the potato into the skillet .
the person seasoned again with salt and pepper .
the person put the cooked potato into a bowl .
the person got a knife , a cutting board , and a potato .
the person rinsed the potato in the sink .
the person diced the potato on the cutting board .
the person put the potato into a metal bowl with water .
the person got a stock pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added the potatoes to the stock pot .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person put a frying pan on the stove .
the person strained the potatoes in the sink .
the person added the potatoes to the frying pan .
the person added spices to the potatoes .
the person sauteed the potatoes .
the person cleaned the stock pot .
the person put the potatoes into a bowl .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person took out a bag of pasta from the cabinet .
the person poured some pasta into the pot .
the person put the bag back in the cabinet .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person took out salt from the cabinet .
the person poured some in the pot .
the person took out a bowl from the cabinet .
the person took out a strainer from the drawer .
the person placed the strainer in the sink .
the person strained the pasta .
the person placed the pasta into the bowl .
the person rinsed the strainer .
the person put the strainer and pot in the drawer .
th person placed some pasta in a pot .
the person covered the pasta with water .
the person started a burner on the stove-top .
the person placed the pot on the stove-top , .
covering the pot with a lid .
a few minutes the person added some salt from a box .
the person got out a colander and a small bowl .
the person checked the boiling pasta several times , .
the person took the boiling pasta off of the heat .
the person strained the boiling pasta in the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta with water from the tap , .
the person poured the pasta into the small bowl .
the person rinsed out the pan , lid , and colander , .
the person put the pan , lid , and colander away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a pot and lid .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out pasta .
the person put the pasta into the pot .
the person put water into the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added salt to the pasta .
the person took out a bowl and strainer .
the person strained the pasta into the sink .
the person put the pasta into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a saucepan and lid from the cabinet .
the person took dried pasta from the pantry .
the person poured the dried pasta into the saucepan .
the person covered the saucepan with water .
the put the saucepan on the stove top .
the person covered the saucepan with a lid .
the person got some salt from the pantry .
the person sprinkled salt over the pasta .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person took a strainer from the drawer .
the person waited the pasta boiled for approximately three minutes .
the person poured the pasta and water into the strainer .
the person poured the drained pasta into a bowl .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person placed a pot on the counter .
the person poured pasta into the pot .
the person added water to the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person added seasoning to the pot .
the person retrieved a bowl from the cabinet .
the person placed a colander on top of the bowl .
the person checked the pot to see if the pasta was fully cooked .
the person removed the pot from the stove .
the person poured the pasta into the colander .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person washed the dishes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pot from under the stove .
the person got some pasta from the pantry .
the person added some to the pot .
the person added some water to the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person added some seasoning .
the person got a bowl from the pantry and a colander from under the sink .
the person sat the colander in the bowl .
the person waited .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person poured the pot contents into the colander .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person rinsed all his utensils .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a pot from the cabinet .
some pasta from a different cabinet .
the person put the pasta in the pot with some water .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the pot with the pasta and the water over to the stove .
the person waited for the pot to get hot , .
the person grabbed two bowled out of the cabinet .
the person put two bowled on the counter .
the person checked the pot to see if the pasta was ready .
the person went over to the sink .
dry his hands .
the pasta started to boil over .
the person removed the pasta from the stove .
the person took the pasta to the sink .
the person rinsed the pasta in the strainer .
the person removed all the water .
the person poured the pasta into a bowl .
the person cleaned the strainer .
the person put the strainer back in the drawer .
the person washed the pot and lid .
the person put the pot and lid back in the cabinet .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot and cover out of the drawer .
the person took a bag of pasta out of the cupboard .
the person poured half the bag into the pot .
the person put water into the pot .
the person turned on the burner , .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person covered the pot .
the person took salt out of the cupboard .
the person put some in the pot .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took out a bowl .
the person took the colander out of the drawer .
the person put the colander on top of the bowl .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the pot boiled over .
the person took the pot off the burner .
the person put the pot on the counter .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person poured the pasta into the colander .
the person shook the colander to get rid of the water .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person washed the colander and the pot .
the person put the colander and the pot away wet .
the person obtained a pot and a package of pasta .
the person filled the pot one fourth full with pasta .
the person discarded the remaining pasta in the package .
the person covered the pasta with water .
the person started a conductive heating source to heat the pot .
the person obtained some salt .
the person sprinkled less than a teaspoon into the heated pan .
the person obtained a bowl .
the person placed a bowl onto the work area .
the person obtained a strainer .
the person placed a strainer over the bowl .
the person watched the pan for a .
the person washed his hands .
the person watched the pot some more .
the water boiled out of the pot .
so the person removed the pot off of the conductive heating source .
the person moved the strainer to another area away from the bowl .
the person poured the pasta into the strainer .
the person ran some more water over the strainer with the pasta inside .
the person shook the strainer to get most of the water out .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person discarded any that fell onto the flat surface .
the person washed the strainer and the pot .
the person put the strainer and the pot away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot and lid from beneath the counter .
the person brought a bag of pasta from the cabinet .
the person poured some into the pan .
the person put water into the pan with the pasta .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person placed the pan on the stove .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person took a box from the cabinet .
the person sprinkled something into the pot .
the person brought a bowl from the cupboard and a colander from a drawer .
the person watched the pasta as it cooked .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person removed the pan from the stove .
the person drained the pasta in the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta in the sink .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person rinsed the colander .
the person placed the colander back into the drawer .
the person rinsed the pot and lid .
the person placed the pot and lid back under the stove .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person got a pot with a lid from a drawer .
the person put a pot on the counter .
the person got a bag of pasta from the cabinet .
the person poured some into the pot .
the person put the pasta back into the cabinet .
the person added water to the pot .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added salt from the cabinet .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet and colander from the drawer .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person poured the pasta in the colander .
the person put the pasta in the bowl .
the person rinsed the colander and pot with lid .
the person put up the colander and pot with lid .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a pot out of the cabinet .
the person placed pasta into the pot .
the person poured water into the pot using the sink .
the person placed the pot onto the stove .
the person poured salt into the pot .
the person grabbed a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person pulled a strainer out of the drawer .
the person poured the pot into the strainer .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person got a stock pot from a drawer .
the person got a bag of pasta from a cabinet .
the person put the pasta in the pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the water on the stove .
the person got a strainer and a bowl from the cabinet .
the person drained the pasta in the strainer .
the person put the pasta in the bowl .
the person rinsed out the strainer and the pot .
the person removed a pot and lid from a cabinet .
the person got some pasta from a cabinet .
the person placed the pasta in the pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added some salt to the pot .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person removed a colander from a drawer .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person drained the pasta in the colander .
the person put the pasta in a bowl .
the person cleaned the dishes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a pot and lid from a drawer .
the person set a pot and lid on the counter , .
the person went to the pantry .
the person removed a bag of pasta .
the person opened the bag .
the person portioned some of the pasta into the pot .
that was done , the person replaced the pasta bag in the pantry .
the person took the pot to the sink .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person pressed buttons to turn on a stove , .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person placed the lid on top .
the person stood back .
the person waited the for the pasta to cook .
a few moments the person went to the pantry to get salt .
the person added some to the water .
the person checked a couple of cabinets for a bowl , .
the person searched a drawer for a metal colander .
the person continued to wait , .
the person checked his phone .
the person adjusted the pot , .
the person adjusted the pot , .
also washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the pasta abruptly began to boil over , .
the person moved the pot to the counter .
the person quickly turned off the stove .
the person put the metal colander in the sink .
the person poured the pasta into the metal colander , .
the person rinsed the noodles in the sink .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
the person disposed of a few spilled noodles in a trash can .
the person washed the colander , pot , and lid .
the person placed the colander , pot , and lid in drawers .
the person got out a pot .
the person got some pasta out of the pantry .
the person put the pasta in the pot .
the person put water in the pot of pasta .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person salted the pasta .
the person got a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person got a strainer out of the drawer .
the person took a pot off the once it was done .
the person drained the pasta .
the person put the pasta in the bowl .
the person poured the pasta in a pot .
the person poured water in the pot .
the person placed the pot on a stove .
the person placed a lid over the pot .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person strained the pasta with a strainer .
the person poured the pasta in a bowl .
the person wasted pasta on the counter .
the person threw the wasted pasta away .
the person cleaned the strainer .
the person put the strainer and the pot both back where they belonged .
the person cleaned the pot .
the person got out a pot with a lid and a bag of pasta .
the person put the pasta up .
the person put water in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person got a box from the cabinet , .
the person put some in the pasta .
the person put a box back in the cabinet .
the person got out a bowl and a colander .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person poured in the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta under the faucet .
the person poured the pasta in the bowl .
the person rinsed out the colander and pot with lid .
the person put the colander and pot with lid back in the drawer .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a pot from a drawer .
the person walked to a cupboard .
the person took out a bag of pasta .
the person poured pasta and water into the pot .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person opened a cupboard .
the person took out a box of salt .
the person sprinkled the salt in the pot of pasta .
the person took a bowl from the cupboard .
the person placed a bowl on the counter .
the person took a colander out of the drawer .
the person placed a colander over the bowl .
the person took the pot of noodles .
the person drained the pot of noodles in the colander .
the person rinsed the noodles under the water .
the person poured the noodles in the bowl .
the person rinsed the colander .
the person placed the colander in the drawer .
the person rinsed the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot and lid out of the bottom cabinet .
the person took pasta out of the cabinet .
the person poured some into the pot .
the person put the pasta back in the cabinet .
the person went to the sink .
put water in the pot .
the person turned the oven on .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out salt .
the person poured salt over the pasta .
the person put the salt back in the cabinet .
the person took a bowl out of the cabinet and a colander out the bottom drawer .
the person took the lid off to check on the pasta .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a dish towel .
the pasta boiled .
the person took the pasta off the stove .
the person poured the pasta in a colander .
the person rinsed the pasta under water .
the person poured the pasta in the bowl .
the person threw away the pasta that fell on the counter .
the person rinsed the colander out .
the person put the colander back in the bottom drawer .
the person rinsed the pot and lid .
the person put the pot and lid back in the bottom drawer .
the person opened a drawer .
the person placed a knife upon a countertop .
the person bent over an picked up a wooden cutting board .
the person walked over to a plant .
the person pulled some fresh herbs from a plant .
the person took those herbs over to the sink , .
the person washed those herbs thoroughly .
the person walked over to his cutting board .
the person aligned those herbs nearly so that they could be prepared .
the person took the knife .
the person began to finely chop the herbs .
the person was done he took some remnants from the herbage .
the person threw some remnants away .
the person opened a kitchen drawer .
the person rummaged through .
the person selected a paring knife .
the person placed a paring knife on the counter .
the person fetched a round chopping board from a cabinet .
the person placed a round chopping board on the sink .
the person moved towards a potted kitchen plant .
the person grabbed a handful of herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the chopping board .
the person used the paring knife , he chopped up the herbs .
the person placed the rest of the potted plant into the refrigerator .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person grabbed some fresh herbs off a potted herb plant .
the person rinsed some fresh herbs at the sink .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person picked the pieces he did n't want out of the bunch .
the person put the pieces to the side .
the person sliced the herbs .
the person threw away the trash pieces .
the person put the potted herb plant in the fridge .
the person obtained a knife , cutting board , and several green herbs .
the person washed the herb stalks , .
the person sliced the herb stalked into small pieces with the knife .
the person put the rest of the herbs into the refrigerator .
the person opened up the kitchen drawer .
the person looked for a knife .
the person choose a knife out of the drawer .
the person placed both utensils on the counter .
the person also took out a cutting board .
the person pulled a bunch of leaves off of a plant on the counter .
the person washed the leaves .
the person placed the leaves on the cutting board .
the person picked a few twigs out of the leaves .
the person sliced the leaves into small pieces .
the person threw away some pieces of the leaves into the trash .
the person put the plant in the fridge .
the person brushed his hands against each other .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a small knife and a cutting board .
the person pulled out a handful of chives from a potted plant sitting on the counter .
the person washed the chives .
the person set the chives on the cutting board .
the person picked out a few bad chives , .
the person sliced the chives thinly .
the person threw away the waste , .
the person placed the chive plant into the refrigerator .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person walked to a pot of herbs on the countertop .
the person pulled some stalks off of the herbs .
the person washed the herbs in the sink .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person cut the tops off of the herbs .
the person diced the herbs .
the person discarded the debris .
the person returned the potted herb to the refrigerator .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person opened up another drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person walked over to a pot with herbs in it .
the person pulled some herbs out of the pot .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person sliced the herbs with the knife .
the person tossed what he was n't going to use in the trash .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person placed the herbs in the refrigerator .
the person took a small paring knife from the drawer to the sink .
from the drawer below that , the person retrieved a round wooden cutting board .
the person used his hands , he twisted off several shoots from a small pot of chives .
the person rinsed these shoots off in the sink .
the person placed the shoots off on the cutting board .
the person chopped the chives into small pieces with the paring knife .
the person put the pot of chives in the door of the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person took some herbs off of a plant .
the person washed his hands .
the person placed the herbs onto the cutting board .
the person diced the herbs .
the person put the excess herbs back into the refrigerator .
the person opened the utensils drawer .
the person selected a knife .
the person closed that drawer , .
the person opened the bottom drawer .
the person grabbed a round chopping board .
the person went over to the pot of herbs .
the person twisted a handful of herbs off .
the person went to the sink .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person removed part of the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs with the knife .
the person threw the parts of the herbs he did n't use in the trash .
the person took the pot of herbs .
the person placed the pot of herbs in the refrigerator .
the person opened the top drawer .
the person took out a knife from the top drawer .
the person opened another drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person walked over to a set of herbs .
the person ripped some herbs off .
the person ripped he proceeded to wash the herbs .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person began to chop the herbs with his knife .
once chopped the person threw away a small portion of the herbs .
the person returned the unused herbs to the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board from another drawer .
the person washed green vegetable .
a placed the green vegetables on the cutting board .
the person diced the vegetables .
the person placed the remaining vegetables in the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board out of the cabinet .
the person ripped some chives off an indoor plant .
the person diced the chives .
the person put the plant in the fridge .
the person in the kitchen opened the drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person kept a knife on the kitchen platform .
the person took a plate from second drawer .
the person kept a plate on the kitchen platform .
the person took some leaves of spring onions .
the person washed the leaves of spring onions .
the person kept the leaves of spring onions in the plate .
the person cut the leaves of spring onions into small pieces .
the person took the wastes .
the person thrown into the dustbin .
the person kept the left vegetable into the fridge .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person pluck some beans .
the person washed some beans .
the person cut the ends of the beans .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person threw the waste in the dustbin .
the person put he remaining uncut beans in the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person ripped some chives from the plant .
the person washed the chives .
the person placed the chives on the cutting board .
the person sliced the chives .
the person placed the plant in the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got some herbs from a plant .
the person rinsed some herbs in a sink .
the person chopped the herbs with the knife .
the person put the plant in the refrigerator .
the person looked into the drawer under the counter .
the person retrieved a knife from the top drawer and a cutting board from a drawer below .
the person tore some fresh chives from a plant to the sink .
the person rinsed the chives in the sink .
the person diced the chives on the cutting board .
the person discarded the trimmings into the garbage bin .
the person put the plant into the refrigerator .
the person turned to walk away .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a small knife .
the person got a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person broke off some stalks of what appeared to be chives .
the person washed the chives .
the person placed the chives on the cutting board .
the person removed any leaves .
the person finely chopped the chives .
the person took the leaves .
the person disposed of the leaves in the garbage .
the person put the plant back into the refrigerator .
the person walked over to the stove .
the person stopped .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a bunch of carrots from the fridge .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter and a bowl from the cabinet .
the person took the knife .
the person cut one carrot away from the bunch .
the person rinsed one carrot at the sink .
the person threw away a piece of carrot that was on the counter .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw away the carrot shavings .
the person chopped the carrot on the cutting board .
the person put the bunch of carrots back in the fridge .
the person took out carrots from the fridge .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person took out a bowl from the shelf .
the person took a carrot , .
the person cut a carrot 's ends .
the person threw the waste in the dustbin .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw the waste .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person put away remaining carrots in the fridge .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bunch of carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and cutting board out of a drawer .
the person got a small bowl from the cabinet .
the person cut one carrot from the bunch .
the person removed the end .
the person put down the knife .
the person washed the carrot .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person threw away the trimmed end .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw away the peelings .
the person took the knife off of the counter .
the person cut the carrot into pieces .
the person put the pieces into the bowl .
the person put the bunch of carrots back into the refrigerator .
the person retrieved some carrots from the fridge .
the person set some carrots on a counter .
the person pulled out a drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person placed a knife on the counter .
the person put two plates , one big and one small , to the knife .
the person picked up the knife .
the person cut one of the carrots off of the group .
the person washed one of the carrots in the sink .
the person put the carrot on the bigger plate .
the person threw out the remains .
the person looked around and found a peeler out of a drawer .
the person proceeded to peel the carrot , lengthwise .
the video ended as the person peeled the carrot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a bundle of carrots from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a paring knife and cutting board from a drawer and a bowl from the cupboard .
the person took the paring knife .
the person cut the top and bottom off of one of the carrots .
the person washed the carrots .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the skin off of the carrot .
ad threw the peel into the trash .
the person roughly chopped the carrots .
the person set the carrots in the bowl .
the person set the bundle of carrots back into the fridge .
the person removed some carrots from the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person retrieved a bowl from the cabinet .
the person cut a carrot from the bunch .
the person than removed a peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person placed the carrot in the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bunch of carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a small bowl out of the cabinet .
the person cut one carrot off the bunch .
the person cut off the end .
the person washed the carrot .
the person threw the end in the garbage .
the person got a vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the carrot onto the cutting board .
the person threw the peels into the garbage .
the person cut the carrot into chunks .
the person put the cut carrots into the small bowl .
the person put the rest of the bunch back in the refrigerator .
the person took some carrots from the refrigerator .
the person opened the drawer .
an grabbed a knife and a trencher .
the person opened a closet .
the person took a small plate .
the person took a carrot .
the person cut a carrot 's tip .
the person washed the carrot in the sink .
the person searched in a few drawers until he found the peeler .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person put the carrot into the plate .
the person put the other carrots back in the refrigerator .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a carrot bunch from the refrigerator .
the person placed a carrot bunch on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board from the drawer and a small bowl from the cabinet .
the person cut a carrot away from the bunch .
the person trimmed the carrot .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person placed the peelings in the garbage bin .
the person diced the carrot .
the person placed the diced in the small bowl .
the person put the bunch back into the refrigerator .
the person walked back to the front counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out carrots .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed a carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person disposed of the carrot peelings .
the person diced the carrot .
the person put the diced carrot onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got a bunch of carrots out of the fridge .
the person took a knife and cutting board out of a drawer .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a small bowl .
the person cut one of the carrots from the bunch .
the person rinsed the carrots in the sink .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into slices .
the person put the slices in the bowl .
the person put the bunch of carrots back in the fridge .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person rested on the counter .
the person walked to the refrigerator , .
the person retrieved a bunch of carrots , .
the person placed a bunch of carrots on the counter .
the person walked to the drawer .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer , .
the person placed a knife on the counter .
the person retrieved a cutting board from another drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person walked to the cupboard , .
the person got a bowl .
the person placed a bowl on the counter .
the person took the knife .
the person cut a single carrot from the bunch .
the person cut the other end off the carrot .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person placed the carrot in a bowl .
the person threw away the cut end of the carrot into the trash .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw away the peel into the trash .
the person cut the carrot .
the person placed the carrot in the bowl .
the person replaced the remaining bunch of carrots into the refrigerator .
the person opened the fridge , .
the person took out carrots , .
the person set the carrots on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and a bowl .
the person set a cutting board and a bowl on the counter .
the person took one carrot , .
the person washed a carrot , .
the person put a carrot on the cutting board .
the person searched through drawers and cabinets for a peeler .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw away the peelings .
the person cut the carrot into pieces .
the person put the carrot in a bowl .
the person returned the carrots to the fridge .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a bunch of carrots .
the person placed the carrots on the counter , .
the person took out a knife and cutting board from the drawers .
the person got a small bowl from the cupboard .
the person cut a carrot off from the bunch , .
the person rinsed a carrot under running water .
the person took a vegetable peeler out from the under the counter , .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw the peels into the trash , .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person moved all the pieces into the bowl .
the person put the rest of the bunch of carrots back into the fridge .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out carrots , a knife , a cutting board , and a bowl .
the person cut one carrot off of the bunch , .
the person cut the top off one carrot .
the person washed one carrot in the sink .
the person took out a peeler .
the person peeled the skin off of the carrot .
the person placed the peel on the cutting board .
the person discarded the peel , .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person placed the slices onto the plate , .
the person put the remaining whole carrots away .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a bundle of carrots .
the person placed the carrots on the counter , .
the person retrieved a paring knife and cutting board from drawers to the sink .
the person got a bowl from the cupboard behind her .
the person placed a bowl to the cutting board and knife .
the person used the knife , he cut one of the carrots from the bundle .
the person trimmed the other end of the carrot .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person discarded the end of the carrot in the trash .
the person got a peeler from the drawer to the sink .
the person peeled the carrot over the cutting board .
the person threw away the peels .
the person picked up the paring knife .
the person chopped the carrot into half-inch chunks .
the person placed the carrot chunks in a bowl .
the person put the rest of the carrots back in the refrigerator .
the person appeared .
the person took carrots out of a refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a bowl .
the person washed a carrot .
the person sliced parts of the carrot .
the person threw the parts of carrot out .
the person chopped the remaining part of the carrot .
the person put the chopped pieces into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a bunch of carrots .
the person placed a bunch of carrots on the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person walked over to the cabinets .
the person removed a small plate .
the person plucked a carrot from the bunch .
the person turned on the water , .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person turned off the water .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person tossed the peelings into the trash can .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person placed the sliced carrot in the bowl .
the person placed the bunch of carrots back in the refrigerator .
the person got a bunch of carrots from a refrigerator .
the person got a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person cut the root off a carrot .
the person rinsed a carrot in a sink .
the person threw the root in a trash can .
the person got a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person put the peeled carrot skin in the trash .
the person sliced the carrot with the knife .
the person put the sliced carrots on a plate .
the person put the rest of the carrots back in the refrigerator .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a group of carrots out the fridge .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person placed the carrot on cutting board .
the person peeled the carrot using a peeler .
the person placed the rest of the carrots in the fridge .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person grabbed leek out the fridge .
the person rinsed off the leek using the sink water .
the person ripped the skin off the leek with his hands .
the person sliced the leek into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a frying pan .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person poured oil into the frying pan .
the person placed the chopped leek into the frying pan .
the person placed the cooked leek onto the white plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed a wooden cutting board and a knife from a drawer , .
the person placed a wooden cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person removed a green onion from the refrigerator , .
the person rinsed the greens in the sink , .
shook of the excess water , .
the person peeled off the top two layers of the stalk .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board , .
the person sliced off a roughly four-inch section including the base , .
the person sliced a roughly one-inch section from the four-inch section including the base , .
the person set the rest aside .
the person cut the one-inch section into very thin slices , .
the person began thinly slicing the portion of stalk still attached to the greens .
the person stopped slicing where the stalk began to branch into the greens .
the person sliced up the set-aside four-inch section of stalk .
the person scraped off the slices sticking to the knife by hand , .
the person removed a frying pan from a cabinet , .
the person placed a frying pan on a burner of the stove .
the person turned on the burner , .
the person removed a bottle of olive oil from the pantry , .
the person poured a small amount into the pan .
the person placed the olive oil on the counter , .
the person checked the heat of the pan by holding a hand over the pan , .
the person tipped the pan to spread the oil around .
the person moved the board closer to the stove , .
the person checked the heat once more by placing a single slice in the pan , .
the person used the knife to scrape the onion slices into the pan .
the person removed a wooden spatula from the drawer .
the person began moving the slices around the pan to cook them evenly .
the person stopped once to add more oil .
the person moved the pan to a cool burner .
the person turned off the burner .
the person removed a plate from a cabinet , .
the person placed a plate on the counter to the burner where the pan was , .
the person scraped the onion slices onto the plate using the spatula .
the person placed the spatula on the pan .
the person moved the pan to another cool burner , .
the person set the plate with the onions on the counter by the cutting board , .
the person moved to stand by the plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person got out some leeks .
the person went to the sink .
the person turned the water on .
the person rinsed the leeks .
the person pulled the bad leaved off .
the person placed the leeks on the cutting board .
the person cut the end part off of the leeks .
the person took the remaining part .
the person began to slice the remaining part into pieces .
the person continued to cut the leeks until he reached the green part .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put the leeks into the pan with some olive oil .
the person sauteed the leeks until they were done .
the person placed the leeks on a plate .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person gathered a leek from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed off the leek in the sink .
the person pulled off the dead stalks from the leek by hand .
the person cut the root from the leek .
the person set the leek aside .
the person sliced the white area from the main piece of leek .
the person took back the root portion of the leek he had set aside .
the person cut slices from the white portion that remained on the root piece .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person turned on the burner beneath the frying pan .
the person put some oil in a pan .
the person placed the sliced leek into the pan .
the person stirred the leek with a spatula as the leek fried .
the person interacted with someone off-camera .
the person placed the cooked leek on a plate .
the person placed the plate of cooked leek in the center of the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a leek from the fridge .
the person rinsed a leek in the sink .
the person cut the end off the leek .
the person sliced the rest of the leek into small pieces .
the person got a pan .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person added olive oil and the leek pieces to the pan .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person stirred the leek .
the person added more oil .
the person stirred some more .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person transferred the cooked leek from the pan to the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person got leeks from the refrigerator .
the person washed the leeks , .
the person peeled down the bad leaves .
the person diced the leeks .
the person got a pan from the drawer .
the person turned the stove on .
the person got oil from the cabinet .
the person poured some into the pan .
the person put the leeks into the pan .
the person got a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person stirred the pan .
the person stirred the leeks around in the oil .
the person added more oil in the pan .
the person stirred the leeks .
the person moved the pan off the heat .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person put the leeks on the plate .
the person moved the plate in back of the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took out a leek from the fridge .
the person washed a leek .
the person sliced the leek in half .
the person sliced that half into smaller pieces .
the person sliced the remaining half of the leek into equally small pieces .
the person took out a pan .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took out some oil .
the person used the knife to slide the leek pieces off the cutting board into the pan .
the person took out a spatula .
as the person moved the leek pieces around .
the person poured more oil into the pan .
the person moved the pan to another part of the stove .
the person turned the stove off .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person used the spatula to move the leek pieces from the pan to the plate .
the person placed the plate on the kitchen counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person set a knife to the cutting board .
the person brought a leek from the refrigerator .
the person sunk a leek .
the person stripped the outer leaves .
the person cut the white from the leek .
the person diced the leek from the white to the light green .
the person diced the remaining portion of the white .
the person set the root portion aside .
the person took a skillet from the drawer .
the person placed a skillet on the stove .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person added oil to the skillet .
the person put the diced leek into the skillet .
the person stirred with a wooden spatula .
the person added more oil to the skillet .
the person stirred the leeks .
the person moved the skillet .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person talked to someone in front of him .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person transferred the leeks to the plate .
the person placed the plate at the front of the counter .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of two separate drawers .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got out a bunch of leeks , .
the person rinsed a bunch of leeks off .
the person shook out the excess water .
the person peeled back the first two layers , .
the person set the first two layers aside .
the person cut the bottom half with the root off .
the person cut a small piece from the bottom half with the root .
thinly sliced the smaller piece .
the person returned to the leafy upper half .
the person began to thinly slice the leafy upper half .
the person got close to the leafy portion .
the person removed another leaf .
the person picked up the root piece .
the person began thinly slicing the root piece .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got out a bottle of oil .
the person poured a little into the pan .
the person put his hand over the pan to feel the heat .
the person lifted the pan .
the person moved the oil around in the pan .
the person set the pan back on the stove top .
the person checked the heat one last time .
the person put the chopped leeks into the pan .
the person used the knife to scrape the chopped leeks from the cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a spatula out .
the person stirred the leeks a little .
the person added more oil , .
the person stirred the leeks more .
the person removed the pan from the heat .
the person turned off the stove .
before the person went to grab a plate from the cabinet .
the person stirred the leeks a little more .
the person served the leeks on the plate .
the person moved the plate to the other side of the stove .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a leek from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person peeled the leek .
the person cut the leek into many slices .
the person removed a pan from the drawer .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person poured oil into the pan .
the person placed the leek sliced into the pan .
the person poured more oil over the leek slices .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked leek slices on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a knife and cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person grabbed some leeks .
the person rinsed the leeks in the sink .
the person proceeded to remove the outer leaves from the leek .
the person placed the leek on the cutting board .
the person picked up the knife .
the person began to cut the leek in small slices .
the person grabbed a frying pan from a drawer .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person retrieved oil from the cabinet .
the person poured some in the pan .
the person waited for the pan to heat up .
the person nodded to someone off camera .
the person picked up the cutting board .
the person scooped the leeks into the pan .
the person retrieved a spatula .
the person stirred the leeks .
the person moved the pan from the burner .
the person put the spatula down .
the person went to the cabinet , .
the person retrieved a plate , .
the person scooped the leeks from the pan onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of the drawer .
the person retrieved leeks from the refrigerator .
the person washed the leeks in the sink .
the person peeled the leaves off the leeks .
the person chopped the leeks on the cutting board .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove top .
the person adjusted the temperature of the stove .
the person took olive oil from the pantry .
the person poured some into the frying pan .
the person put the chopped leeks into the pan .
the person removed a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person stirred the leeks .
the person added more olive oil to the pan .
the person stirred the leeks for a , .
the person removed the leeks from the heat .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person poured the cooked leeks out onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a leek .
the person rinsed off the leek in the sink .
the person trimmed off the bottom of the leek .
the person sliced the leek .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person pulled out a skillet .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person poured olive oil into the skillet .
the person placed the leek into the skillet .
the person pulled out a spatula .
the person stirred the leek over the skillet .
the person added more olive oil .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person placed the leek onto the plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person removed leek from the fridge .
the person washed the leek off .
the person peeled the leek .
the person chopped the leek .
the person poured some wine .
the person placed the leek in a skillet .
the person sauteed the leek .
the person put the final product on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board and leek .
the person washed the leek in the sink , .
the person peeled away some of its leaves .
the person cut a portion of the stalk off , .
the person cut the root off of a portion of the stalk .
the person sliced the rest of the stalk thinly , .
well as the rest of the other portion .
the person took out a pan , .
the person turned the stove on .
the person added some oil .
the person added the leeks to the pan .
the person stirred the leeks with a spatula .
the person added some more oil .
the person stirred again .
the person took out a plate , .
a few minutes put the leeks onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a leek .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person peeled off several of the leaves .
the person cut the leak in half .
the person thinly sliced the leek .
the person took out a skillet .
the person added olive oil to the skillet .
the person put the sliced leek into the skillet .
the person mixed the leek around in the skillet .
the person put the sauteed leek onto a plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the drawer beneath the counter .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a leek , .
the person gave the vegetable a rinse in the sink .
the person peeled off the outer leaves , .
the person cut the leek into two parts .
the person carefully sliced both the cut part , and the white part of the rest of the leek into small rings .
the person pulled out a frying pan from under the stove , .
the person turned on the heat .
the person added a bit of oil .
the person scraped all of the leek rings into the pan .
the person got a wooden spatula from the drawer beneath the counter .
the person stirred the leek .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person scooped the leek onto the plate .
the person went into a kitchen .
the person located a cutting board and a knife .
the person removed a leek plant from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plant .
the person cut away the plant 's leaves and root .
the person cut numerous crosswise slices from the plant .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person fired up the stove .
the person poured oil in the pan .
the person poured the leek in the pan .
the person added in more oil .
the person stirred the leek .
the person put the cooked leek on a plate he found in the cabinet .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawers below the counter .
the person took a leek out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a leek .
the person pulled some leaves from the leek , .
the person cut the lower portion from the leek .
the person set the lower portion from the leek aside .
the person cut slices from the white portion of the leek .
the person took the root end .
the person cut more leek from the white portion .
the person took a pan from beneath the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added oil to the pan , .
the person added the leek .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person stirred the leek .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the leek on the plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a cabinet .
the person got a leek from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the leek .
the person peeled the leek .
the person chopped the leek on a cutting board .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person got oil from a cabinet .
the person put the leeks and the oil in the frying pan .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the cooked leeks on the plate .
the person came into the kitchen area .
the person took out a knife and a chopping board .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out an avocado .
the avocado had a label on it which the person discarded .
the person fetched a plate .
the person washed the avocado .
the person peeled the avocado with the knife .
the person cut the flesh off the pit .
seasoned the flesh .
the person tried to mash the flesh up with a fork .
the person used a grater to grate the flesh , .
which the person was able to mix the flesh up with the fork .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an avocado .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed the avocado in the sink .
the person peeled the avocado with the knife .
the person cut the avocado into strips .
the person took out salt and pepper .
the person seasoned the avocado .
the person took out a grater .
the person grated the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado with a fork .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the avocado in the sink .
the person peeled the avocado with a knife .
the person sliced the avocado into pieces .
the person added spices to the avocado slices .
the person grated the avocado slices .
the person mashed the avocado slices with a fork .
the person added more spices to the mashed avocado .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a avocado from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person rinsed the avocado in a sink .
the person peeled the avocado with the knife .
the person cut the avocado from around the seed .
the person put the avocado on the plate .
the person got a hand grater from a drawer .
the person grated the avocado with the hand grater .
the person mashed the avocado with a fork .
the person added salt and pepper to the avocado .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out an avocado .
the person took off the stem of the avocado .
the person threw the stem in the trash .
the person took a plate out .
the person rinsed the avocado .
the person used a knife to peel the avocado .
the person placed the avocado on the cutting board .
the person started cutting the avocado into slices .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
shre rinsed his hands , .
the person got the salt and pepper shaker .
the person dashed salt and pepper on the avocado .
the person rooted through a drawer .
the person pulled out a grater .
the person grated the avocado slices , .
the person rinsed the grater .
the person put the grater aside .
the person used a fork to mash the avocado .
the person came in .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took out a plate , a knife , and an avocado .
the person peeled the avocado with the knife , .
the person sliced the avocado on a plate .
the person cut off the excess flesh around the pit .
the person rinsed his hands .
before seasoning the avocado with spices from the rack .
the person took a fork from the drawer .
the person tried to mash the fruit .
a piece of avocado went flying , .
the person found a microplaner to use instead , for some unknown reason .
the person grated the avocado over the plate .
the person washed the planer and his hands .
before returning to mash the avocado with the fork .
the person had a large pile of mush on the plate , .
the person returned the spices to the rack .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person put a cutting board on the table .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person looked for something else .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the avocado .
the person began to peel the avocado .
the person peeled all the skin from the avocado , .
the person let the skin fall on the counter .
the person cut the avocado , avoiding the pit .
the person put the sliced parts of avocado on the small plate .
the person made sure to get all the edible parts of the avocado off the pit .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person added salt and pepper to the avocado .
the person rinsed part of the avocado some more .
the person grated the avocado , .
the person mashed the avocado with a fork .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from two separate drawers .
the person walked over to the fridge .
the person got an avocado out .
the person removed the sticker .
the person threw away the sticker .
the person placed the avocado on the counter .
the person went to the cabinet to get a plate .
the person rinsed the avocado .
the person began peeling the avocado with the knife , .
the person placed the peels on the counter .
the person began cutting the avocado , .
the person put the pieces on the plate and the plate on the cutting board .
the person continued to cut the avocado .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got some spices from the spice rack .
the person remove the plate from the cutting board .
seasoned the avocado .
the person got a fork .
the person tried to mash the avocado , .
a piece of avocado fell off the plate .
the person rinsed the avocado off .
the person placed the avocado back on the plate .
the person looked through the drawer for something .
the person came out with a grater .
the person began to grate the avocado .
the person grated a large amount of the avocado .
the person rinsed the grater .
the person went back to mashing the avocado with the fork .
the person was done mashing the avocado .
the person added the avocado more spices .
mixed the avocado in using the fork .
the person put the spices back on the spice rack .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set out a knife and cutting board .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person discarded the sticker into the waste bin .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the avocado in the sink .
the person peeled the avocado with the knife .
the person sliced the avocado flesh away from the pit .
the person placed the avocado flesh on the plate .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took some spices from the rack .
the person sprinkled spices over the avocado on the plate .
the person smashed the avocado with a fork .
the person brought a grater from the drawer .
the person grated the avocado over the plate .
the person rinsed his hands and grater in the sink .
the person mashed the avocado with a fork .
the person added more spice to the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado again with the fork .
the person put the spices back into the rack .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person peeled a sticker from the avocado .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado from the seed .
the person washed his hands .
the person seasoned the avocado .
the person removed a fork and a grater from a drawer .
the person grated the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado with the fork .
the person seasoned the avocado again .
mixed the avocado with the fork .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and paring knife .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got out an avocado .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person rinsed the avocado in the sink .
the person used the knife the peel the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into slices around the pit .
the person sprinkled the avocado slices with salt and pepper .
the person started to use a fork to mash the avocado .
the person decided to use a grater to shave the avocado slices .
the person washed the grater in the sink .
the person used the fork to mash the avocado shavings .
the person added more salt .
the person continued to mash the avocado .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed an avocado from the fridge .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person placed the avocado on the plate .
the person seasoned the avocado .
the person graded the avocado .
the person used a fork to mash the avocado .
the person seasoned the avocado a second time .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a paring knife and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person walked over to the cooler .
the person fetched an avocado .
the person peeled the sticker off .
the person threw the sticker in the trash .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person washed off the fruit .
the person used the knife to cut the rind off of the avocado , .
the person cut the flesh away from the pit .
the person set the flesh on the plate .
the person seasoned the flesh with salt and pepper , .
the person tried to cut off a piece , .
the person washed off that piece .
the person got a grater out of the drawer .
the person began grating the avocado .
the person washed off the grater and his hands .
the person finished by mushing the avocado with the bottom of a spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person placed the avocado on the counter .
the person took a plate from a cupboard .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person washed the avocado in the sink .
the person used the knife to peel the skin from the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado on the cutting board .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person cut the remainder of the avocado from around the core .
the person seasoned the sliced avocado .
the person used a grater to finely grate the avocado .
the person rinsed the grater in the sink .
the person used a fork to mash the grated avocado .
the person seasoned the avocado .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the avocado over the counter .
the person sliced the avocado around the pit .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person placed the pit on the counter with the peelings .
the person washed his hands .
the person sprinkled salt and pepper over the slices .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person tried to mash the avocado with the fork .
the avocado flew off the plate .
the person took a grater out of the drawer .
the person grated the avocado over the plate .
the person washed the grater .
the person mashed the avocado with the fork .
the person put on more salt .
the person put the spices back in the spice rack .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took the avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person removed a sticker from the avocado .
the person placed a dish on the counter .
the person rinsed the avocado under running water .
the person sliced the avocado around the pit .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person seasoned the avocado slices .
the person grated the avocado .
the person rinsed the grater .
the person mashed the avocado with a fork .
the person seasoned the mashed avocado .
the person mixed the mashed avocado on the plate .
the person put the seasonings away .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and avocado .
the person removed the sticker from the avocado , .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed the avocado .
the person peeled the skin off of the avocado with the knife .
the person cut slices off of the avocado , .
the person cut pieces until he reached the seed .
the person added salt and pepper to the pieces on the plate .
the person took out a fork , .
the person started to mash some of the pieces .
the person removed a fork and a grater from a drawer .
the person started to grate the avocado .
the person mashed all pieces further with the fork , .
the person added some more salt .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person grabbed an avocado out the fridge .
the person grabbed a small white plate out the cabinet .
the person rinsed the avocado using the sink .
the person peeled the avocado using a knife .
the person sliced the avocado on the cutting board .
the person placed the avocado pieces on the white plate .
the person poured salt and pepper onto the avocado .
the person grated the avocado using a grater .
the person mashed the avocado using a fork .
the chef pulled out his tools : a cutting board , knife , avocado and plate .
the person washed the avocado thoroughly in the sink .
the person peeled the avocado using lengthwise strips with his knife .
the person sliced the avocado around the pit .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person washed his hands .
the person added salt and pepper to the avocado slices on the plate .
the person grated the avocado pieces through a zester .
the person washed the grater in the sink .
the person mashed the remaining avocado .
the person put away the salt and pepper .
the person fluffed the avocado with a fork .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person threw away the sticker on an avocado .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the avocado in the sink .
the person used the knife to remove the skin from the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado around the pit .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person added spices to the sliced avocado .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person tried to mash the avocado pieces .
the person rinsed a piece of avocado that fell on the table .
the person got a grater from the drawer .
the person grated the avocado pieces .
the person rinsed the grater .
the person used the fork to finish mashing the avocado .
the person added more seasoning .
blended the seasoning in with the fork .
the person put up the seasoning .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler , knife and a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person washed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut the stem off .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a carrot .
the person set a carrot on the counter .
the person got a knife , peeler , and cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the carrot .
the person sliced off the top , .
the person used the peeler to peel the carrot .
the person chopped off the end .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a peeler , a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person cut off the stem .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut off both ends .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person got a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler and a knife out of a drawer .
the person took a cutting board out of another drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut the top off with the knife .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person placed a carrot on the counter .
the person removed a peeler , knife and cutting board .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person cut off the stem .
the person peeled the carrot with the peeler .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person added the ends to the pile with the peel .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a carrot .
the person lay the carrot on the counter .
the person lay a peeler , a knife , and a cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person cut the greens off the carrot with the knife .
the person peeled the carrot with the peeler .
the person cut off the ends of the carrot on the board .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person put the knife down on the board .
the person removed a carrot from the fridge .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the top off of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person diced the carrot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person got a peeler , knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person cut off the top of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot using the peeler .
the person chopped the carrot using the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up the refrigerator .
the person removed a carrot .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a knife and cutting board .
the person closed the drawer .
the person turned on the sink .
the person rinsed off the carrot .
the person turned off the sink .
the person peeled the carrot with a peeler .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person entered the room .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed a carrot .
the person placed a carrot on the counter .
the person removed a peeler , knife , and cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the carrot in the sink .
before peeling the carrot , the person cut off the top or stem of the carrot .
the person disposed of the stem , .
the person began peeling the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into pieces .
person opened refrigerator .
the person took out a carrot .
the person picked a peeler , a knife and a cutting board .
the person washed the carrot under the tap .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
first the person cut off the green top of the carrot .
the person proceeded to peel the skin off the carrot .
the person finished the peeling .
the person cut off both the top and bottom ends of the carrot .
the person cut the carrot in to small pieces horizontally .
the person got a carrot from a refrigerator .
the person got a vegetable peeler , a knife , and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the end off the knife .
the person peeled the carrot with the vegetable peeler .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a peeler , a chopper and a cutting board .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut off the carrot greens off the top .
the person peeled the skin off with the peeler .
the person cut a bit off both ends of the carrot .
the person discarded a bit off both ends .
the person proceeded to cut up the carrot into discs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler and knife from the drawer .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person cut away the stem .
the person peeled the carrot over the cutting board .
the person cut away more of the stem and root .
the person diced the carrot with the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge and got a carrot .
the person got a carrot .
the person closed the fridge .
the person set the carrot on the counter .
the person got a peeler out .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person set a peeler on the counter .
the person set a knife to the peeler .
the person got a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person shook the carrot dry .
the person cut the top off of the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person brushed aside the carrot shavings and the top .
the person cut the carrot into slices .
the person got a carrot out of the fridge .
the person put the carrot on the counter .
the person got a vegetable peeler .
the person got a knife .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person placed the carrot onto the cutting board .
the ma pushed the peelings to the side on the cutting board .
the cut the carrot into slices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a carrot .
the person got a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a carrot .
the person placed the carrot onto the counter .
the person took out a peeler and a knife .
the person washed the carrot under the sink .
the person cut the end of the carrot off .
the person peeled the outside of the carrot .
the person cut off the ends of the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a carrot out the fridge .
the person grabbed a fork , knife , and cutting board out the drawer .
the person peeled the carrot using a peeler .
the person sliced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a carrot , knife , peeler and cutting board .
the person washed the carrot in the sink , .
the person cut off the top .
the person peeled the skin off of the carrot using the peeler .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces using the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person took a mug out of the cabinet .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person broke the egg into the mug .
the person threw out the shell .
the person added some spices to the mug .
the person beat the egg with the fork .
the person washed his hand .
the person dried his hand .
the person turned on the burner under the frying pan .
the person added some oil to the pan .
the person put the egg into the frying pan .
the person got a wooden scraper out of the drawer .
the person took a bowl of herbs out of the cabinet .
the person added some herbs to the egg .
the person took out a plate , a knife and a fork .
the person put the cooked egg on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a pan , an egg , a cup and a fork .
the person cracked the egg over the cup .
the person discarded the shells .
the person added some salt to the cup .
the person used the fork to whisk the egg .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person took out a bottle of oil .
the person poured some oil into the pan .
the person waited a few minutes , .
the person poured the egg into the pan .
the person waited several more minutes , .
the person added some herbs from a bowl .
the person used a wooden spatula to move the eggs around .
the person took out a plate , knife and fork .
several more minutes , the person placed the cooked egg onto the plate with the spatula .
the person took a frying pan from the drawer .
the person placed a frying pan onto the stove .
the person proceeded to the fridge .
the person took out one egg .
the person took a cup from the cupboard and a fork from the drawer .
the person cracked the egg into the cup .
the person threw away the shells .
the person added some seasoning to the egg .
the person stirred the egg with the fork .
the person rinsed his one hand in the sink .
the person dried the hand with a towel .
the person started the stove .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person poured the egg mixture into the frying pan .
the person removed a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person took a bowl of herbs from the fridge .
the person added two pinches of herbs to the pan .
the person placed the bowl of herbs back into the refrigerator .
the person watched the egg cook .
the person poked the egg with the wooden spoon .
the person placed a plate , a fork , and a knife on the counter .
the person scraped the cooked egg onto the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a frying pan .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person went to the fridge .
the person pulled out an egg .
the person set an egg on the counter .
the person got out a mug and a fork .
the person set a mug and a fork on the counter .
the person cracked the egg into the mug .
seasoned the egg .
the person beat the egg .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person put oil in the pan .
the person moved the pan around to coat the bottom of the pan .
the person poured the egg into the pan .
the person placed the mug and fork in the sink .
the person got out a wooden spatula .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got out a bowl with an herb in it , .
the person added the herb to the eggs in the frying pan .
the person checked on the egg , .
the person went and got a plate and silver ware .
the person continued to watch the eggs cook .
the person turned off the stove .
the person used the spatula to serve the egg onto the plate .
the person put the pan and spatula back on the stove .
the person placed the knife on the other side of the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the pan .
the person placed the pan on the electric stove .
the person took eggs from the refrigerator .
the person took the yolk out .
the person poured the yolk in a cup .
the person added salt , pepper .
mixed the yolk , salt and pepper very hardly .
the person switched on the stove .
the person poured the oil in pan .
the person poured the mixed egg into the pan .
the person put that cup in the washbasin .
the person took the spatula .
on the person took green chillies sliced from the cupboard .
the person spilled the green chillies over the top of the omlet .
the person took plate from the cupboard and also spoon and fork from the draw .
the person took the omlet from the pan .
the person placed the omlet on the plate .
the person grabbed a frying pan .
the person put a frying pan on the stove .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed an egg .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person removed a teacup .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a fork .
the person cracked the egg .
the person let the egg 's contents fall into the teacup , .
hen threw out the egg shells .
the person grabbed a spice from the spice rack .
the person poured some spice into the teacup .
the person returned the spice to the spice rack .
the person repeated this process with another spice .
the person used the fork to scramble the egg .
the person ran some water to wash his hand .
the person dried the hand .
the person turned on the stove 's burner , .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a bottle .
the person poured some into the pan .
the person poured the egg into the pan .
the person grabbed a spatula and a garnish bowl , .
the person grabbed a paper plate and a knife and fork .
the person turned off the heat , .
the person slid the egg onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took out a pan .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator and a cup from the cabinet .
the person took a fork from the drawer .
the person broke the egg into the cup .
the person added salt and pepper to the egg .
the person beat the egg in the cup with a fork .
the person rinsed one hand in the sink .
the person dried the hand .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person added a little oil to the pan .
the person spread the oil around the pan .
the person picked up the cup .
the person stirred the egg in the cup .
the person poured the beaten egg into the pan .
the person watched the egg in the pan for a .
the person took a wooden spatula from the drawer .
the person brought a bowl of an herb from the cupboard .
the person sprinkled some herbs on the egg .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person took a knife and fork from the drawer .
the person watched the pan for a .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person transferred the egg to the plate with the wooden spatula .
the person moved the knife to the right of the plate .
the person opened a drawer under the stove .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person took one egg out of the fridge , and a cup from the pantry .
the person opened the drawer under the counter .
the person took out a fork .
the person cracked the egg into the cup .
person took the salt from the spice rack .
the person added a little salt to the egg .
the person also added a little pepper .
the person used the fork to beat the eggs .
the person finished , .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried the hands .
the person turned the heat on for the pan , .
the person poured in a little oil .
the person swirled the oil around , .
the person waited for the pan to heat up .
the person poured the eggs into the hot pan .
the person put the cup in the sink .
the person sprinkled a bit of something onto the eggs in the pan .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate , fork and knife .
the eggs were done , the person slid them onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person set a saute pan on the stove , .
the person retrieved an egg from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a teacup and a fork .
the person cracked the egg into the teacup , .
the person threw away the shell .
the person added some salt and pepper to the egg .
the person began whisking the egg with the fork .
the person finished , he washed the hands .
the person dried hands .
the person turned on the burner on the stove with the saute pan .
the person took some olive oil from the cupboard , .
the person drizzled a small amount of oil into the pan , .
the person turned the pan to coat the pan .
the person waited a moment , poured the egg into the pan .
the person waited the egg cooked .
a minute or so , the person took some herbs from the pantry .
the person sprinkled the herbs onto the egg .
a few more moments the person retrieved a plate , fork , and knife .
the person set a plate , fork and a knife on the counter .
the person used a wooden spatula to gently remove the egg onto the plate .
the person took a skillet from a drawer and an egg from the refrigerator .
the person got a cup from the cabinet , a spoon from another drawer .
the person cracked the egg into the cup .
the person added seasonings to the egg , .
the person stirred the egg up .
the person washed his hands .
the person turned on the heat , .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person stirred the egg some more , .
the person poured the egg into the hot pan .
the person took a wooden spoon from a drawer .
a bowl of a black substance from a cabinet .
the person added some of a black substance to the egg .
the person got a plate from a cabinet and a knife and fork from a drawer .
the person placed a plate , a knife and fork on the counter .
the egg was done , the person turned off the heat , .
the person folded the egg sloppily onto the plate .
the person left the room .
the person set a pan on the stove .
the person cracked open an egg into a cup .
the person added salt and pepper to the egg in the cup .
the person stirred the mixture , .
the person washed his hands .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person spread the oil around , .
the person added the egg mixture to the pan .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person watched the egg cooked .
the person added some green plant bits to the omelet .
the omelet was ready , the person moved the omelet to a plate with a spatula .
the person leaved the room .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person set a skillet on the stove .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got an egg .
the person placed the egg on the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a mug .
the person cracked the egg over the mug .
the person threw away the shells .
the person added salt and pepper to the mug .
the person stirred the contents .
the person rinsed his hand in the sink .
the person dried the hand with a towel .
the person turned on the burner on the stove .
the person added olive oil to the skillet .
coated the bottom of the skillet .
the person added the contents of the mug to the skillet .
the person put the mug in the sink .
the person got a wooden spatula from the drawer .
the person placed a wooden spatula by the skillet .
the person added herbs to the skillet .
the person got a plate and silverware from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate and silverware by the stove .
the person used the wooden spatula to slide the contents of the skillet on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a pan from the cabinet .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a brown egg .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person pulled a fork from the drawer .
the person picked the egg up .
gently cracked the egg on the side of the teacup .
the person chose two spices from the rack .
the person added two spices to the egg in the teacup .
the person used the fork to whisk the egg and spice together .
the person rinsed his hand .
the person turned the stove top on to heat the pan .
the person returned to the cupboard , .
the person retrieved vegetable oil , .
the person poured about a tablespoon into the warming pan .
the person poured the whipped egg into the pan .
the person let the whipped egg cook .
the person pulled out a spatula from the drawer , .
some herbs from the cupboard .
the person returned the herbs to the cupboard .
the person retrieved a plate .
the person flipped the egg onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a frying pan .
the person selected an egg from the refrigerator and a mug from the cupboard .
the person cracked the egg into the mug .
the person disposed of the shells .
the person added salt and pepper to the egg .
the person stirred with a fork .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person turned the burner on the stove on .
the person added olive oil to the pan .
the person added the egg mixture to the pan .
the person added some herbs from the pantry to the cooking egg .
the person added a fork and knife to complete the display .
the person used a wooden spatula to transfer the egg to a plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a pan .
the person placed the pan in the stove .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person grabbed an egg .
the person grabbed a cup from a cabinet and a fork from a drawer .
the person cracked the egg with the cup .
the person poured the egg in the cup .
the person threw the eggshell in the trash .
the person added salt and pepper to the egg .
the person mixed the egg and condiments with the fork .
the person washed his hands .
the person turned on the stove .
the person grabbed oil from the cabinet .
the person poured a small amount in the pan .
the person poured the stirred egg in the preheated pan .
the person grabbed a wooden spatula from a drawer .
the person grabbed a condiment bowl from a cabinet .
the person added a small amount of the condiment on the egg .
the person put a condiment bowl back in the cabinet .
the person grabbed a plate , fork and a butter knife .
the person turned off the stove .
the person put the egg on the plate with the spatula .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a pan from under the counter .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
a cup from the pantry .
the person cracked the egg into the cup .
the person threw away the shell .
the person added spices to the egg .
the person stirred the egg with a fork .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person turned the burner under the pan on .
the person got some olive oil from the pantry .
the person poured some oil into the pan .
the person poured the egg into the pan .
the person put the cup and fork into the sink .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person waited for his egg to cook .
the person got a bowl of fresh herbs from the pantry .
the person added some fresh herbs to his egg .
the person put the bowl back in the pantry .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got a fork and knife from the drawer .
the person set a fork and knife to the plate .
the person waited a few more minutes for his egg to cook , .
the person slid his finished egg onto the plate .
the person removed a pan from a drawer .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person got a cup from the cabinet and a fork from the drawer .
the person cracked the egg in the cup .
the person added seasoning to the egg .
mixed with a fork .
the person turned on the stove .
the person placed some oil in the pan .
the person added the egg to the pan .
the person removed a spatula from the drawer .
the person got a bowl of herbs from a cabinet .
the person added the herbs to the eggs .
the person waited for the eggs to cook .
the person put the cooked egg on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a pan .
the person placed the pan on the stove top .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked an egg into an egg cup .
the person threw away the shell .
from the spice rack , the person added various spice to the cup .
the person stirred with a spoon .
before rinsing his hands .
the person went back to the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person retrieved oil from the cabinet .
the person poured the oil into the pan .
the person stirred the egg more .
the person poured the egg mixture into the pan .
the person did retrieve a spoon .
from the pantry the person removed a garnish .
the person sprinkled a garnish over the eggs .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet and silverware out from the drawer .
the person watched the eggs for a .
the person slid the eggs on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a skillet .
the person went to the refrigerator .
tok out an egg .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a mug .
the person took out a fork .
the person cracked the egg into the mug .
the person poured salt into the mug .
the person put pepper into the mug .
the person whisked the egg with the fork .
the person cleaned his hands .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put olive oil into the skillet .
the person placed the cooked egg onto a plate .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person got a egg from a refrigerator .
the person got a cup from a cabinet .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person cracked the egg into the cup .
the person put the egg shell in a trash bin .
the person added salt and pepper to the egg .
the person stirred the egg with the fork .
the person rinsed his hand in the sink .
the person got oil from a cabinet .
the person poured the oil in the frying pan .
the person added the egg to the frying pan .
the person got a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked egg on the plate .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person removed some hot-dogs , ketchup and mustard from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person retrieved some toppings and the buns from a cabinet .
the person got a knife .
the person placed two hot-dogs in the pot .
the person cut two buns .
the person placed the toppings on the buns .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the buns .
the person removed two plates from the cabinet .
the person put the buns on the plates .
the person put the hot-dogs on the buns .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person opened the fridge .
the person placed ketchup hot-dogs and other things on the counter .
the person place a hot-dog bun on a cutting board .
the person opened a jar of hot-dogs .
the person placed several in the boiling pot .
the person used a knife to pry open the buns .
the person placed an ingredient inside of the buns .
the person squirted both ketchup and mustard into the buns .
the person ate the food off the counter as he waited for the wieners to boil .
the person threw away his trash .
the person place what he had used back into the fridge .
the person used a fork to place the hot-dogs in their buns .
the person cleaned up .
the person took a pot out of a drawer .
the person added some water to a pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took a jar of hot dogs , ketchup , and mustard out of the refrigerator .
the person took out two plates .
the person took out a bun .
the person put a bun on a cutting board .
the person put two hot dogs in the water on the stove .
the person took out another bun .
the person cut both of the buns on the cutting board .
the person put the solid condiments on the buns .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the buns .
the person took a butter knife out of a drawer .
the person smoothed the condiments on the buns .
the person threw the empty bag of buns in the trash .
the person put the ketchup and mustard back in the refrigerator .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot up with water .
the person placed the pot on the stovetop .
the person turned on the stove eye .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person gathered some items from the refrigerator .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed more items on the countertop .
the person checked the temperature of the water on the stove .
the person placed two hot dogs in the pot of hot water .
the person cut the buns open .
the person added some ingredients .
the person cleaned the cutting board he finished adding the ingredients .
the person removed the hot dogs from the water .
the person placed the hot dogs on the prepared buns .
the person dumped out the water in the pot .
the person turned off the stove .
the person walked in the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a pot from out the cabinet , .
the person placed the top on the counter .
the person filled the pot half-way with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person grabbed some materials from the fridge , .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person positioned a plate on the counter .
the person grabbed some buns from the pantry .
the person obtained a knife from the draw .
the person retrieved two hot dogs from the jar .
the person placed two hot dogs in the pot .
the person grabbed another bun from the bag .
the person placed another bun on the plate .
the person picked up the knife .
the person sliced the buns open .
the person positioned the buns on the plate .
the person sprinkled the cheese on the buns .
the person picked up the spoon .
the person sprinkled some pepper on the buns .
the person squeezed the ketchup and mustard on the buns .
the person waited for the hot dogs to finish .
the person retrieved a butter knife from the drew .
the person smeared the condiments evenly on the buns .
the person cleaned up the finished materials , .
the person grabbed two plates from the cabinet , .
the person placed a bun on each plate .
the person emptied the cheese onto the pepper plate , .
the person rinsed the cutting board , .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person retrieved the hot dogs out the pot , .
the person placed one on each bun , .
the person closed the bun .
the person turned off the stove .
the person emptied the water in the sink .
the person took out a pot .
put water in a pot .
the person put the pot on the stove , .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out several items , including hot dogs .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out several items , including buns and two plates with something on two plates .
the person got two buns out , .
the person checked to see if the water was heated .
the person opened the jar of hot dogs .
the person got a fork out a drawer .
the person removed two hot dogs from the jar .
the person put two hot dogs in the hot water .
the person slit two buns both open with a knife .
the person put the items from the plates on the buns .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the buns , .
the person spread those with a knife .
the person put the buns on two clean plates .
the person rinsed off the cutting board , .
the person dried the cutting board , .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person took the hot dogs out of the water .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns .
the person turned off the stove .
the person poured out the water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pot from a drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the water-filled pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed the cover on the pot .
the person took ketchup , mustard , and hot dogs from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person gathered hot dog buns , bacon , and cheese from the cupboard .
the person placed two hot dogs in the pot of water .
the person sliced two hot dog buns with a knife .
the person placed cheese inside the hot dog buns .
the person also placed some bacon on the buns .
the person added ketchup and mustard to the hot dog buns .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the buns on a plate .
the person placed the cooked hot dogs on the buns .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out ketchup and hot dogs .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person took out buns and two plates .
the person put two hot dogs into the boiling water .
the person cut two buns in half .
the person put condiments onto the buns .
the person put away the condiments .
the person put away the cutting board .
the person put the hot dogs onto the buns .
the person poured out the water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pot from under the stove .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got hot dogs , ketchup and mustard from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter and buns , browned onions and sliced cheese from the pantry .
the person put the buns on the cutting board along with a knife .
the person put two hot dogs into the pot .
the person sliced the buns .
the person added cheese , onions , ketchup and mustard to both buns .
the person waited for the hot dogs to be done .
the person used a knife to spread out the condiments .
the person threw away the bun bag .
the person put away the leftover ketchup and mustard .
the person got two plates from the pantry .
the person put the hot dogs on the two plates .
the person scraped left over onions onto another plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person took the hot dogs out of the pot with a fork .
the person put the hot dogs each in a bun .
the person dumped out the hot dog water .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person poured water into a pot .
the person put the pot on the stove to heat the water .
the person took out ingredients to cook the hot dogs with .
the person put a hot dog into the hot water .
the person sliced a hot dog bun .
the person put the condiments on the hot dog buns .
the person spread the condiments around .
the person washed off his dishes the hot dogs were cooking .
the hot dogs were finished and the person put the hot dogs in the buns .
the person rinsed the dishes .
the person put the dishes away .
the person walked ino the kitchen , .
the person took a pot from under the stove .
put water in a pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person covered the pot .
the person brought a jar of hot dogs , mustard and ketchup from the refrigerator .
the person set a cutting board , buns and plates with condiments on the counter .
the person put two hot dogs into the pot .
the person sliced two buns .
the person dressed two buns with the condiments .
the person took two plates from the cabinet .
the person put a dressed bun on each .
the person rinsed the cutting board , .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns with a fork .
the person pushed the plates forward .
the person turned off the stove .
the person poured the water in the sink .
the person took a pot out of the cabinet .
the person put water into the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person took hot dogs and ketchup out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person took buns out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person added hot dogs to pot .
the person sliced open the hot dog buns .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took a large pot out of a cabinet .
the person filled a large pot about half way with water , .
the person put a large pot on the stove .
the person went to the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board and hot dog buns from cabinets .
the person pulled out a jar of hot dogs , mustard , and ketchup .
the person removed two plates with relish and onion from another cabinet .
the person forked out two hot dogs from the jar .
the person put two hot dogs in the water on the stove .
the hot dogs cooked , .
the person sliced the buns lengthwise .
the person dressed the buns with ketchup , mustard , onion , and relish .
the person threw away the bread bag , .
the person put the ketchup and mustard back in the fridge .
the person turned off the stove the hot dogs reached a boil .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a saucepan and lid from the cabinet .
the person filled the pan halfway with water .
the person put the pan on the stove top .
the person turned on the stove .
the person covered the pan with the lid .
the person took the hot dogs , mustard , and ketchup from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took the hotdog buns , diced onion , and relish from the pantry .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person placed two hot dogs into the boiling water .
the person covered the pan .
the person sliced the hot dog buns in half lengthwise .
the person opened the buns .
the person sprinkled onion and relish on each bun .
the person squirted ketchup and mustard on each bun .
the person put each dressed hot dog bun on a plate .
the person removed the hot dogs from the boiling water .
the person placed the hot dogs on the buns .
the person got a pot .
the person began to boil some water .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got some other ingredients .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a round wooden plate .
the person went to the pantry .
the person took out some plates and other ingredients .
the person got a bun , a knife .
the person checked the water .
the person opened a jar .
the person took out a fork .
the person used the fork to get a weiner out of the jar .
the person put the weiner in the pot of water .
the person put a anothe weiner in there .
the person closed th jar .
the person got another bun .
the person got a knife .
the person used the knife to cut through the center of both of the buns .
the person put some shredded cheese in the center of both buns .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person got a spoon , .
the person put some relish in the center of the buns .
the person put some ketchup and mustard in the center of the buns .
the person put the two weiners in the center of the two buns .
the person put a pot of water on a stove .
the person got a jar of hotdogs , mustard , and ketchup from a refrigerator .
the person got buns and a cutting board from a cabinet .
the person added the hotdogs to the pot .
the person sliced open a bun with a knife .
the person put ketchup , mustard , and cheese on the buns .
the person got two small plates from the cabinet .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns .
the person dumped the hotdog water out .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot and cover out of the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water , .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person covered the pot .
the person took a jar of hot-dogs and a knife out of the drawer .
the person took two plates of fixings and a bag of rolls out of the cupboard .
the person took a roll out of the bag .
the person put a roll on the cutting board .
the person took a hot-dog out of the jar .
the person put a hot-dog into the pot .
the person put another hot-dog in the pot .
the person took out another roll .
the person cut the rolls .
the person put the fixings , ketchup and mustard on the rolls .
the person spread the mustard and ketchup with a knife he took out of the drawer .
the person put the ketchup and mustard back in the refrigerator .
the person took two plates out of the cupboard .
the person put a hot-dog roll on each plate .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person put the cooked hot-dogs on the prepared rolls .
the person emptied the water from the pot into the sink .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person removed hot dogs , ketchup , and mustard from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took out hot dog buns and two plates from the cabinet .
the person put two hot dogs in the spot .
the person cut open two hot dog buns .
the person added onions and another condiment to the buns .
the person added ketchup and mustard to the buns .
the person placed the ketchup and mustard back in the refrigerator .
the person removed two more plates from the cabinet .
the person removed the hot dogs from the pot .
the person placed the hot dogs in the buns .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a pot out of the drawer .
the person poured water into the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person grabbed hot-dogs and ketchup out of the fridge .
the person the took hot-dog buns and a plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the hot-dogs inside the pot .
the person sliced open the bread with a knife .
the person added ingredients onto the hot-dog buns .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person placed the hot-dogs on the buns .
the person poured the used water into the sink .
the person placed the pot on the counter .
the person put water in the pot .
the person placed the pot of water on the stove top .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person placed hot dogs on the counter .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person put the hot dog bun on the cutting board .
the person put the hot dogs into the pot of water .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person placed another hot dog bun on the cutting board .
the person sliced the buns open with a knife .
the person put condiments on the buns .
the person put the buns on the plate .
the person placed the hot dogs on the buns .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took some herbs out .
the person placed the herbs onto the cutting board .
the person cut some herbs into small pieces .
the person took a small plate out from the cabinet .
the person used the knife to pick up the herbs .
the person placed the herbs onto the small plate .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person placed the knife onto the cutting board .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person grabbed herbs from the counter .
the person chopped the herbs into small pieces .
the person took a small plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the chopped herbs on the plate .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person found an herb , .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person put the herbs on the plate .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife , .
the person put the knife back on the cutting board .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person got out a knife .
the person got some herbs from the plant .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person got a bowl from the cupboard .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a pad and knife from drawer .
the person took herbs from plant .
the person did put the herbs on pad .
the person cut herbs into small small pieces with knife .
the person took a plate from shelf .
the person put the herbs in plate .
the person cleaned the knife with water and cloth .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got herbs from the counter .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took some small herbs .
the person chopped the small herbs on the cutting board .
the person took a saucer from the cabinet .
the person placed the chopped herbs on a saucer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person placed a knife and wooden cutting board on the counter top .
the person picked some herbs from a plant .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to cut the herbs .
the person pushed the herbs together .
the person finely chopped the herbs with the knife .
the person organized the chopped herbs into a pile on the center of the cutting board .
the person walked to a cabinet .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person closed a cabinet removing nothing .
the person opened the cabinet to the cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person returned to the counter .
the person moved the herbs from the cutting board to the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person pulled out a carving board and large knife .
the person placed a carving board and large knife both on the counter .
the person turned .
the person picked fresh herbs growing from a container on the counter .
the person placed the fresh herbs on the cutting board .
the person diced the fresh herbs .
the person removed a small plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a small plate on the counter .
the person moved the chopped herbs onto the small plate .
person entered the room .
the person picked up cutting board and a knife .
the person selected herbs .
the person chopped the herbs into small pieces using knife .
the person poured the cut herb pieces into a plate .
the person cleaned knife .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person retreived a cutting board and knife .
the person proceeded to finely dice some herbs .
the person got a bowl .
transfers the herbs to the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person pulled a knife from a drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person plucked some leaved off some herbs that were on the counter .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person made a neat pile .
the person cut the herbs in half .
the person tidied the pile .
the person cut the herbs into small pieces .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person took out a small plate .
the person used the knife to move the herbs to the plate , .
the person brushed off the knife with his fingers .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person brought out a chopping board and a knife .
the person placed a chopping board and a knife on a counter top .
the person picked some chives from a plant in a corner of the kitchen .
the person cut the chives in half , .
the person lined the chives up .
the person cut the chives finely into small pieces .
the person searched for a small plate .
the person found a small plate .
onto which the person put the chives .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person set a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person selected some fresh herbs from plants on the counter .
the person diced the fresh herbs on the cutting board .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the herbs on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried the knife with a towel .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and large knife from a drawer .
the person plucked some blades of herb from a potted herb plant .
the person placed the blades on the cutting board .
the person chopped the blades .
the person gathered a small plate from a cupboard .
the person placed the chopped herb on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person grabbed herbs from the counter .
the person cut the herbs in half .
in smaller pieces .
the person grabbed a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried the knife with a towel .
the person took out a cutting board and a large knife .
the person took some herbs from the other counter .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person cleaned off the excess herbs from the knife .
the person put the excess herbs in a pile .
the person went over to the cabinet .
the person took out a small dish .
the person used the knife to pick up the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person shut the drawer .
the person got out some herbs .
the person placed the herb on the cutting board .
the person chopped up the herbs .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person placed the chopped herbs on the plate .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person dried off the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person picked some fresh herbs from the container on the counter .
the person thinly sliced the herbs .
the person selected a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the finely diced herbs on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out cutting board and a knife , took some herbs from a rack .
the person diced the herbs .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the herbs onto a plate .
the person washed the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a plum from the refrigerator .
the person washed the plum in the sink .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person cut the plum on the cutting board .
the person cut around the seed of the plum , occasionally testing to see if the meat was loose .
the person pulled wedges of meat apart from the seed .
the person discarded the seed .
the person washed his hands .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a plum .
the person washed the plum .
the person got a knife .
the person tried to cut the plum in half with difficulty .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a plum from the refrigerator .
the person washed the plum .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person scored the plum in half , lengthwise .
the person twisted the plum in half .
the person cut the pit away from the flesh of the plum .
the person threw the pit away .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and plum .
the person washed the plum in the sink , .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut around the pit .
the person tried to pull the plum apart .
the person cut the plum from the pit in several pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a small fruit from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person had some difficulty slicing the fruit .
the person sliced off a few pieces .
the person threw the core in the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the refrigerator .
the person washed a plum .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the fruit in half around the pit .
the person used his fingers to dig out the pit from the flesh .
the person threw the pit away .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
from the drawer , the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got a plum .
the person went to the sink .
the person rinsed the plum .
the person went into the drawer again .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person started to cut the plum in half around the seed .
the person struggled to pull the halves of the plum from the seed .
the person decided to try and just cut pieces of the plum directly from the seed .
the person pulled pieces of the plum from the seed one at a time .
the person was finished , he rinsed his hands .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a plum from a refrigerator .
the person washed the plum in the sink .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the plum around the seed .
the person pulled off the plum off the seed .
the person threw the seed in the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a plum .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person attempted to pull the plum open with his hands .
the person had to cut the plum again .
the person continued cutting and trying to pull apart the plum .
the person was able to pull the plum apart into chunks .
the person removed a seed from the plum .
the person threw the seed away .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a plum .
the person washed the plum in the sink .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the plum into four pieces .
the person removed the seed .
the person left the plum pieces on the cutting board .
the person threw out the seed .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person proceeded to gather a cutting board , knife , and small red fruit .
the person cut the fruit a shallowly around the equator .
the person quatered the fruit .
the person proceeded to peel the skin back .
the person showed the pit of the fruit .
the person entered the room .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out a plum .
the person cut a plum .
the person attempted to open a plum .
the person cut a plum again , .
the person tried again to open a plum up , .
the person cut a plum again , .
the person tried again to open a plum up , .
the person broke the plum up into four different parts .
the person disposed of the pit .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a plum .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person broke the plum open into fourths .
the person removed the pit from the plum .
the person threw the pit in the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a plum in the sink .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced a plum to remove the pit .
the person pulled a plum apart with his hands .
the person cut away the pit .
the person discarded the pit in the waste bin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person walked towards the fridge , .
the person stopped the going to the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer instead .
the person took a cutting board out .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person washed a plum in the sink .
the person opened one drawer .
the person closed one drawer .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took a knife out .
the person put the plum on the cutting board .
the person made cut in the plum .
the person rotated the plum .
the person tried to pull the plum apart with his hands .
twice more the person cut the plum again .
the person pulled the plum open slightly .
the person pulled off more pieces of the plum by hand .
the person cut a piece off with the knife .
the person cut the last piece apart with the knife .
the person threw a small piece in the trash .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person sliced the plum around the pit .
the person pulled the two halves of the plum apart .
the person took the pit out .
the person sliced the plum halved into little pieces .
the person threw the pit in the trash .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a plum .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut to the center of the plum .
the person tried to pull the plum apart .
the person repeated these two steps of cutting and pulling several times .
the person broke apart the plum .
the person took out the pit .
the person cut a portion that still remained .
the person threw that part away .
the person went to the sink .
the person placed a cutting board on a counter .
the person removed a plum from the fridge .
the person washed the plum off .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person threw away unneeded parts of the plum .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person appeared to head to the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer instead .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a plum .
the person rinsed a plum in the sink .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer .
the person made several score marks in the plum with the knife .
the person made a few cut , .
the person attempted to pull the plum in half with his fingers .
the person attempted to pull the plum apart again , .
the person cut more .
the person cut a portion of the plum with the knife .
the person threw away what was likely the pit .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed a plum .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the plum in half .
the person sliced the plum again .
the person sliced the plum again .
the person tossed the pit into the trash can .
the person entered into the kitchen .
from the freeze the person took a red colored capsicum -lrb- red pepper -rrb- .
the person washed the capsicum with water .
from the drawer the person removed chopper board .
the person kept the capsicum on the chopper board .
the person took a knife from the other drawer .
the person cut the capsicum into pieces .
from the cabinet the person took a plate .
the person kept the pieces in a plate .
the person cut the large pieces of capsicum into small pieces .
the person kept the capsicum in plate .
the person cut the other large pieces of capsicum into small pieces .
the person threw the wastes into the dust bin .
the person kept the pieces in the plate .
again cut a remaining large piece of capsicum into small pieces .
the person kept the capsicum into the plate .
the person washed the chopper board and knife .
the person kept the chopper board and knife aside .
the person closed the tap .
the person wiped his wet hands with napkin .
the person kept napkin on tap .
the person entered .
the person opened a fridge .
the person grabbed a bell pepper from the fridge .
the person rinsed the pepper off .
the person opened a drawer .
the person placed out a cutting board on a counter .
the person took out a knife .
the person sliced the peppers .
the person placed some peppers on a plate .
the person threw away some pieces .
the person sliced the pieces left .
the person placed all of the diced pepper pieces on the plate .
the person continued to throw the excess away .
the person transferred the rest from the cutting board .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person washed the knife .
the last thing the person did was wash his hands .
dry his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a red pepper .
the person washed the pepper in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the pepper into chunks .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person disposed of the pepper seeds .
the person cut the pepper into thin slices .
the person cut the pepper into smaller pieces .
the person diced the remaining pepper .
the person put the diced pepper onto the plate .
the person took a pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the pepper off in the sink .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife out of another drawer .
the person cut the pepper in quarters from the top down .
the person cut off the stem piece .
the person took a plate out of the pantry .
the person put the stem piece in the trash .
the person sliced the pepper quarters into thinner slices .
the person rotated the slices .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person placed the diced pieces onto the plate .
the person sliced the pepper quarters into thinner slices .
the person put the rest of the pepper pieces on the plate .
the person threw some core pieces into the trash .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a pepper .
the person washed the pepper .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the pepper into pieces .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the pepper on the plate .
the person cut the larger pieces into smaller pieces .
the person washed the dishes .
the person entered .
the person took a red pepper from the fridge .
the person rinsed the pepper under running water .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person cut the pepper down the sides .
the person removed a plate from the cupboard .
the person threw the pit and stem into the trash .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person diced the pepper .
the person placed the diced pieces onto the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a pepper out the fridge .
the person rinsed the pepper using the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person cut the pepper into pieces on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a white plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the pepper on the white plate .
the person tossed the few leftovers into the garbage .
the person sliced the rest of the pepper .
the person placed the pepper on the plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person got a pepper .
the person rinsed the pepper in a sink .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the stem out of the pepper .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the stem in a trash can .
the person diced the pepper into small chunks .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the knife in the sink .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed a red pepper from the vegetable bin .
the person walked to the sink .
the person washed the pepper in the sink .
the person opened a drawer with his right hand , .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person placed the pepper on top .
the person closed the drawer .
the person opened another one .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person cut the pepper into four equal parts not including the head .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person placed a plate to the cutting board .
the person transferred three pieces of the pepper to the plate .
the person cut the piece of pepper that remained on the cutting board into small square slices .
the person placed the piece of pepper on the plate .
the person transferred another piece of the pepper from the plate to the cutting board .
the person cut the piece of pepper into small slices .
the person repeated the same process for the two remaining parts .
the person scraped off the slices onto the plate .
the person threw the inside pieces into the trash .
the person rinsed off the cutting board and the knife .
the person stood behind the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pepper from the fridge .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the pepper into large pieces .
the person got a plate .
the person put the pieces of pepper on a plate .
the person threw away the top of the pepper .
the person put one of the large pieces of pepper on the cutting board .
the person cut the pepper into small pieces .
the person cut the membrane .
seeds out of the pepper .
the person put the small pieces of pepper on the plate .
the person repeated this for the rest of the pieces of pepper .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person got a bell peper from the fridge .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person got out a knife .
the person cut up the bell pepper .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the bell pepper pieces on a plate .
the person threw the waste and seeds in the trash .
the person cut one piece of the bell perper into strips .
the person repeated the process putting the strips on the plate .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a red pepper from the fridge .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person got a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person placed the pepper on the board .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the pepper into slices around the seeds and stem .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person threw away the seeds and stem of the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into slices .
the person diced the pepper .
the person put the diced pepper on the plate .
the person threw away undesired parts of the pepper .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a red pepper .
the person washed a red pepper .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person quartered the pepper .
the person removed the stem .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the pieces on a plate .
the person diced each quarter .
the person put each quarter back on the plate .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a red bell pepper .
the person also opened the drawer under the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut four pieces off from around the stem of the bell pepper .
the person grabbed a plate from the cupboard , .
the person moved three pieces onto a plate .
the person threw away the stem end .
the person sliced one of the pieces of bell pepper into strips , .
the person turned the bell pepper around .
the person cut the bell pepper again into small squares .
the person moved the pieces onto the plate .
the person diced all of the bell pepper , .
the person washed the knife and cutting board , .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a red bell pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a red bell pepper .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person held the bell pepper vertically .
the person cut the bell pepper into four pieces lengthwise , around the stalk .
the person took a plate out of the shelf .
the person placed the pepper on the white plate .
left one piece on the cutting board .
the person threw away the stalk .
the person cut the piece on the cutting board into long thin strips .
the person diced the piece .
the person cut off any white portion left inside the pepper .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the pepper into five pieces .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person threw the core of the pepper in the garbage .
the person sliced one of the pieces of pepper into small pieces .
the person cut the other slices of pepper into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed the board on the counter .
the pepper on the cutting board .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the pepper slices on the plate .
the person threw the stem and seeds in the waste bin .
the person trimmed each slice .
diced each slice on the cutting board .
the person put the diced onto the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person went into a kitchen .
the person got a red pepper from the fridge .
the person rinsed the pepper , .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the countertop .
the person set the pepper on the cutting board .
the person took a knife from a drawer and began cutting the pepper .
the person first cut a slice from the side , .
the person looked up and off camera .
the person cut the rest of the pepper into several large slices .
the person went over to a cupboard .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person arranged the large pepper slices on the plate .
the person threw away some of the unwanted pieces .
the person cut one of the larger pieces of pepper into small diced-size pieces .
the person put the smaller pieces on the plate .
the person cut the rest of the large chunks into smaller pieces .
the person scraped some of the seeds and excess into the trash .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person wiped off his hands with a dishrag .
the person stepped back .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a red bell pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a red bell pepper off in the sink .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the bell pepper into pieces .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the pieces of pepper on the plate .
the person threw away the core .
the person diced the pieces of pepper into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces of pepper back on the plate .
the person rinsed off the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person washed the pepper .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the sides of the pepper from the stem .
the person retrieved a plate from a cabinet .
the person cut each piece of pepper into chunks .
the person placed the chunks on the plate .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person set the herbs on the cutting board .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person chopped the herbs off of the stem .
the person slid the herbs onto a plate .
the person got additional herbs from a counter top plant .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person slid the herbs onto the plate as well .
the person threw away the stemmed of the herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person took out some herbs .
the person brought the herbs over to the sink .
the person rinsed the herbs off .
the person sat the herbs on the cutting board .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person began to cut the leaves from the stemmed with the knife .
the person was done , he put the herbs on the plate .
the person took some other herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs off at the sink .
the person put the herbs on a cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs into small pieces .
the person put the herbs on the plate with the other herbs .
the person threw away the left over stemmed .
the person entered kitchen , .
the person took out cutting board from drawer .
the person placed the cutting board on platform .
the person went to refrigerator , .
the person took out bunch of different kinds of herbs .
the person sorted the bunch of different kinds of herbs .
the person picked one kind of green herbs , .
the person washed the green herbs well under the tap , .
the person got the water out completely from the green herbs by pressing and shaking .
the person placed the green herbs on cutting board .
the person went to cupboard to fetch a plate .
the person took out a knife from drawer , .
the person cut the herbs in to small pieces .
the person swept the herbs in to the plate .
the person went back to the bunch of herbs .
the person picked another kind of herbs , .
the person brought the herbs to the cutting board .
the person washed the herbs under the tap .
the person cut the herbs also in to small pieces .
the person swept the cut pieces in to the plate to a corner , separating the herbs from the earlier ones .
the person discarded the wastage in to the bin .
the person returned the left over bunch of herbs to the refrigerator .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person removed a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person took a piece of the herb from the bag .
the person rinsed the piece of herbs in the sink .
the person placed the herb on the cutting board .
the person removed a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person began to chop the leaves of the herb plant .
the person placed the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person returned to the bag .
the person withdrew a piece of a grassy type of herb .
the person rinsed the herb .
the person placed the herb on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herb entirely .
the person placed the herb in the bowl as well .
the person discarded the unused portion of the first plant .
the person put the bag of herbs back into the refrigerator .
the person took out a chopping board .
the person placed the chopping board on the counter .
the person crossed to the fridge .
the person removed some herbs .
the person took the herbs from the plastic wrap .
the person washed the herbs briefly .
the person got a plate from the cupboard and a knife from a drawer under the counter .
the person carefully cut the leaves of the herb from the stem .
the person left the stem on the counter .
the person put the leaves on the plate , .
the person went to another counter .
the person pulled some leaves from a growing plant , .
the person washed the leaves .
the person folded the leaves tightly .
the person chopped the leaves finely .
the person put the second type of herb to seperate from the other herbs on the plate .
the person disposed of the stemmed in the bin , .
the person put the remainder of the first herbs back into the fridge .
the person had picked up the knife for cleaning the video ended .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs at the sink .
the person laid the herbs on the cutting board .
the person got a plate from the cabinet and a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the herbs into small pieces .
the person transferred the herbs to the plate .
the person got some more herbs from the counter .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces as well .
the person added the herbs to the plate .
the person threw away the stemmed of the herbs .
the person put the left over herbs away .
the person got out the cutting board .
the person got some herbs out of the fridge .
the person took some herbs out of the package .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got out a knife .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person picked some herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs up .
the person put the herbs on the plate as well .
the person took the rubbish .
the person placed the rubbish in the bin .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and package of herbs .
the person took some herbs out .
the person washed the herbs .
the person took out a plate and knife .
the person diced the leafy portion of the herb .
the person took another stalk out of the package , .
the person washed the stalk .
the person diced the stalk .
the person put the package back in the refrigerator .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person got some herbs from the pantry .
the person got a plate from the cabinet and a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the leaves from the herbs .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person got more herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person cut the herbs up .
the person put the cut herbs on the plate .
the person cleaned up the rubbish .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person removed some herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs off in the sink .
the person shut off the sink .
the person placed the herbs on the chopping board .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person walked back over to the counter .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person placed the chopped herbs on the plate .
the person retrieved more herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs off in the sink .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person placed the rest of the herbs onto the plate .
the person separated the two different herbs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person set the cutting board on the counter .
the person than took out a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person washed what appeared to be cilantro .
the person set the cilantro on the cutting board .
the person took out a plate and knife from the cabinets .
the person chopped the cilantro .
the person set the cilantro into the plate .
the person took out a few scallions .
the person washed the scallions .
the person chopped the scallions on the cutting board .
the person put the scallions onto the same plate as the cilantro , making sure that they did n't mix together .
the person discarded the trash into a trashcan .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out some herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the counter .
the person took some herbs out of the bag .
the person walked to the sink .
the person rinsed the herbs under the sink .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the herbs on the cutting board with the knife .
the person scrapped the herbs into the plate with the knife .
the person walked over to the other side of the counter , .
the person took some herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs over the sink .
the person folded the herbs .
the person cut the herbs on the cutting board .
the person scrapped the herbs into the plate with the knife .
the person took the rubbish .
the person threw the scraps in the trash .
the person took the herbs that were in the bag .
the person placed the herbs in the fridge .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a stalk of the herb .
the person washed the stalk of the herb in water .
the person placed the stalk of the herb on the cutting board .
the person took a knife .
the person chopped up the herb into small pieces .
the person set the unused stalk aside .
slide the herb on a empty plate .
the person took another herb .
the person curled the herb up softly .
the person cut the herb into small pieces .
the person put the herb on the plate as well .
the person cleaned up the area .
the person discarded the left-overs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person removed some herbs from the bag .
the person washed the herbs in the sink .
the person took out a plate and a knife .
the person diced the herbs .
the person put the stem aside .
the person placed the herbs on the plate .
the person took more herbs out of the bag .
the person washed the herbs .
the person diced the new herbs .
the person placed the diced herbs on the plate .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person put away the bag of herbs .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took a chopper board .
the person kept the chopper board on the platform .
the person took some herbs from the freeze .
the person closed the freeze .
the person took some herbs .
the person washed some herbs nicely .
closed the tap .
the person kept herbs on chopper board .
the person took a plate from cabinet .
the person kept the plate on the platform .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person arranged the herbs properly .
the person kept the pieces into the plate .
the person took some green onion leaved .
the person washed some green onion leaved nicely .
the person closed the tap .
the person cut the leaves into small pieces .
the person kept the leaves into the same plate separately .
the person threw the wastes into the dustbin .
the person threw scrap pieces into the garbage .
the person kept the remaining herbs back into the freeze .
the person placed the remaining herbs back in the refrigerator .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a handful of herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on a cutting board .
the person pulled out a knife , .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person set aside the stem of the herbs .
the person scraped the chopped herbs from the cutting board onto a plate .
the person selected some more herbs .
the person washed some more herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs on the plate to the first pile of chopped herbs .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person opened a drawer .
the person placed a cutting-board on the counter .
the person washed a vegetable in the sink .
the person got a plate .
the person placed a plate to the cutting board .
the person cut the vegetable using a knife .
the person slid the vegetable onto a plate .
the person washed leeks .
the person placed the leeks on the cutting board .
the person cut the leeks into small pieces .
the person cleaned the knife with his finger .
the person placed the sliced leeks onto the plate .
the person placed the extra vegetables into the garbage .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person grabbed some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs under the faucet .
the person removed a plate from the cupboard and a knife from the drawer .
the person gathered the herbs .
the person chopped up the leafy tops .
the person scraped the chopped up herbs onto the plate .
the person picked different herbs from the counter .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person organized the new herbs on the cutting board .
the person sliced up the herbs .
the person added the herbs to the plate .
the person put a scrap herb stalk into the trash .
the person put the package of herbs back into the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed herbs from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person grabbed more herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person sliced these herbs into small pieces .
the person also placed these pieces onto the plate .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person took herbs from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs in a sink .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person chopped the herbs with the knife .
the person put the herbs on the plate .
the person got more herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the herbs on the plate .
the person put the stemmed in a trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person walked over to the sink , .
the person turned the sink on .
the person rinsed the plum off .
the person shut off the sink .
the person dried off the plum .
the person also removed a knife out of the drawer .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the table .
the person placed the plum on the cutting board .
the person sliced the plum with the knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a plum , .
the person washed a plum .
the person dried a plum .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the plum in half around the seed , .
the person cut one piece in half with the other half .
the person sliced the plum unevenly .
the person fetched a plum from the cooler , .
the person washed a plum , .
the person wiped a plum off with a towel .
the person retrieved a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person took the knife .
the person sliced the plum into three parts .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a towel from the counter .
the person rinsed the plum .
the person dried the plum with the towel .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the plum in four pieces .
the person cut a piece in half .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened the fridge , .
the person pulled out a plum .
the person grabbed a towel .
on the way to the sink to wash a plum , .
the person pulled out a knife and a small cutting board .
the person cut the plum in half to remove the pit .
the person cut the plum into quarters .
the person scraped the plum with the knife a couple times .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the fridge .
the person chose a plum .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink .
the person dried the plum with a towel .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person got a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person scored the plum down the middle .
the person tried to pull the plum apart with his hands .
the person cut the plum in half down the middle .
the person cut one half in half again .
the person retrieved a plum from a drawer in the refrigerator .
the person brought a kitchen towel , he lightly rinsed the fruit under running tap water .
the person dried the fruit thoroughly .
the person pulled a knife and small wood cutting board from the kitchen drawers .
the person rotated the plum on the knife to cut the plum in half .
the person tried to pull the plum apart with his hands .
the person decided to cut the plums into smaller pieces instead .
the person showed off the inside of one of the larger pieces of plum by pointing to it with a knife .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink .
the person dried the plum with a towel .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person sliced one half into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
out of the fridge the person grabbed a plum , .
the person closed the fridge .
the person grabbed a towel off the counter .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum with the towel .
the person opened the drawer .
the person grabbed a knife , .
the person opened a cabinet to grab a cutting board .
the person cut the plum , .
the person stopped .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person rinsed the plum .
the person dried the plum in a towel .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the plum into pieces on the cutting board .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum off .
the person dried the plum with a towel .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person took a cutting board out of another drawer .
the person sliced the plum around the pit .
the person pulled the plum apart .
the person cut the slices into little pieces .
the person took a plum out of the fridge , .
the person moved a towel to the counter that was to the right of the sink .
the person rinsed the plum with running water .
the person dried the plum with the towel .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person sliced around the pit of the plum , .
the person tried to pull the plum in half .
instead , the person cut off four slices of flesh from around the pit .
the person messed up on the last cut , .
the person put the plum and knife down .
the person entered into the clean kitchen .
the person opened the freeze .
the person took a plum from the freeze .
closed the freeze .
the person took the plum and the napkin from the platform .
the person washed the plum with water .
the person wiped the plum using napkin .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person kept the knife on the napkin .
the person cut the plum into three pieces .
the person again tried to cut the third piece of plum in small piece .
the person left the task with a smile on his face .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a plum .
the person washed the plum .
the person got a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut the plum into pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a plum from the fridge .
the person moved a kitchen towel from one side of the sink to the other .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum with the towel .
the person took a knife and cutting board out of a drawer .
the person put the plum on the board .
the person separated the halves by cutting around the pit .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a plum out of the fridge .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum with a towel .
the person placed the plum and towel on the counter .
the person took out a small knife and cutting board .
the person cut the plum into small slices .
the person got a plum out of a drawer in the fridge .
the person got a towel .
the person rinsed off the plum .
the person dried the plum .
the person got out a knife .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person put the plum on the cutting board .
the person cut up the plum .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a plum .
the person grabbed a towel on the way to the sink .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum with the towel .
the person put the towel and plum down on the counter .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person sliced the plum .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink .
the person dried the plum with a towel .
the person retrieved a small knife and chopping board .
the person placed the plum on the chopping board .
the person cut the plum into slices .
a black dressed person entered in kitchen , .
the person walked towards refrigerator .
the person took plum .
the person stepped up towards sink .
the person washed the plum .
the person took wipe cloth .
the person wiped the plum using napkin .
the person opened the kitchen drawer .
the person picked fruit cutter board and knife .
the person cut the plum .
the person sliced the plum into pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved an avocado from the fridge .
the person placed an avocado on a cutting board .
the person used a knife to cut an avocado in half .
the person cut the ends off the avocado .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person used the knife to slice the skin off the one avocado half .
the person put the one avocado half on the plate .
the person removed the pit from the second avocado half .
the person removed the skin from the second avocado half .
the person cut the pieces of avocado into small chunks .
the person threw away the avocado skin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person grabbed an avocado out of the fridge .
the person closed the fridge , .
the person took the knife , .
the person set the avocado down on the cutting board .
the person cut the avocado in half on a cutting board using a knife .
the person pulled the two halves apart .
the person took the knife .
the person cut off the ends of each half .
the person set the knife down , .
the person walked over to the cabinet , .
the person got out a small plate .
the person brought the plate over to the counter .
the person set the plate down .
the person sliced by slice , he peeled the avocado by cutting off the skin , .
the person put the avocado half on the plate .
the person removed the pit from the other avocado half , .
the person peeled the skin off of the other avocado half the same as he did with the first half .
the person placed the other half on the plate , .
the person rinsed off his hand .
the person sliced up the avocado halves , .
the person threw away the skin and the pit , .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out an avocado .
the person cut the avocado in half around the seed .
the person cut the top off of each side , .
the person took out a plate .
the person cut the skin off of one side using the knife , .
the person placed one side onto the plate .
the person removed the seed from the other half .
the person removed its skin as well .
the person cut the halves into small pieces , .
the person discarded the skin and seed .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced an avocado in half .
the person removed the skin with a knife .
the person placed both halves of the avocado on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife and his hands .
the person sliced the avocado halved into strips .
the person collected the skin from the cutting board .
the person threw the skin into the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person shook his hands dry .
the person got an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut the avocado in half on a cutting board using a knife .
the person separated the two halves .
the person cut the stem end off each half .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person peeled the skin off the half without the pit using the knife .
the person placed the half without the pit on the plate .
the person removed the pit from the other half by scoring around the pit with the knife .
the person used his thumb to pop the pit out .
the person peeled the second half .
the person put the second half on the plate .
the person cut the avocado into smaller segments .
the person threw away the skin and pit .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person got an avocado from a refrigerator .
the person sliced the avocado in half around the seed .
the person cut the tops off the avocado .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person peeled the avocado with a knife .
the person pulled the seed from the avocado .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person sliced the avocado into strips .
the person tossed the scraps in the trash bin .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person opened the avocado .
the person cut the ends off of the avocado .
the person fetched another plate from the cupboard .
the person peeled the skin off of one avocado half .
the person removed the pit .
the person peeled the other avocado half .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person diced the avocado slices .
the person threw the skin into the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person put an avocado on a cutting board that was on the counter .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person cut the tops off each half .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person set a plate to the cutting board .
the person took one of the halves .
the person cut the skin off .
the person put the skinned half on the plate .
the person took the pit out of the second half .
the person sliced the skin off the second half .
the person sliced the second half in half .
the person put the second half on the plate .
the person sliced all the skinned avocado into smaller pieces .
the person threw away all the skin on the cutting board .
the person rinsed his hands .
a long haired person entered a kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person walked to the cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the avocado lengthwise .
the person cut the fruit into sections , .
the person separated the halves from each other .
the person tried to get the seed out and can not , .
the person sliced off the stem area , .
first , the person peeled the avocado half with the knife .
the person struggled a bit to remove the seed .
the person got the seed out .
the person peeled the avocado half , .
the person sliced the remainder onto the plate with the other half .
the person cut all of the slices into smaller pieces on the plate .
the person threw all of the scraps in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person sliced the ends off the avocado .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed the skin from one half of the avocado .
the person placed one half of avocado on the plate .
the person removed the pit from the other half .
the person removed the skin from that half .
the person placed that half on the plate .
the person sliced the avocado into small pieces .
the person threw the skin into the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed an avocado out the fridge .
the person placed the avocado on a cutting board .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person grabbed a plate out the cabinet .
the person sliced the avocado into little pieces .
the person placed the pieces of avocado on a smile white plate .
the person tossed the rest in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person put the avocado on a cutting board by the sink .
the person started cutting the avocado with a knife .
the person cut the avocado in halves .
the person cut both ends of the avocado .
the person grabbed a small plate from a cabinet .
the person peeled the avocado with a knife .
the person put the avocado on the plate .
the person cut the avocado on the plate into smaller pieces .
the person took the seed and skin .
the person threw the seed and skin in the trash bin .
the person picked a piece of avocado that fell on the counter .
the person put a piece of avocado that fell on the counter on the plate .
the person washed his hands he was done .
the person entered .
the person retrieved an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person walked over to a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the top ends from the avocado .
the person got a small plate from the cupboard .
the person removed the rind from one half of the avocado .
the person placed one half of the avocado on the small plate .
the person removed the seed from the second half of the vegetable .
the person proceeded to remove the rind from the second half of the vegetable .
the person cut both of the pieces into smaller , bite-sized pieces .
the person discarded of the rind and seed .
the person washed his hands .
the person got an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person peeled one half .
the person removed the seed from the other half .
the person peeled that half .
the person put the avocado on a plate .
the person cut the avocado into slices .
the person threw away the peels and seeds .
the person washed his hands .
the person grabbed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person placed an avocado on a cutting board .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person grabbed a small plate , .
the person peeled the avocado , .
the person removed the seed .
the person placed the avocado onto the plate .
the person sliced the avocado into smaller pieces .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person walked to the sink .
the person used a knife and cutting board , already placed there , to slice the avocado in half .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled one half of the avocado .
the person placed the peeled half onto the plate .
the person peeled the other half .
the person placed the other half on the plate .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person diced the avocado into cubes .
the person placed the peelings and pit into the waste bin .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out an avocado .
the person used a knife located at the sink .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person twisted the avocado apart .
the person sliced off the stem ended .
the person got a small plate from the pantry .
the person used the knife .
the person peeled the skin off half of the avocado .
the person placd the peeled avocado half on the plate .
the person cut into the pit of the avocado .
the person removed the pit with his hand .
the person peeled this half .
the person cut this half into small pieces onto the plate .
the person threw away all the peels and pit into the trash .
the person rinsed off his hands with running water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an avocado out of the fridge .
at the sink , the person cut the avocado down the middle on a cutting board .
the person twisted the halves apart .
the person cut off the tops , .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person proceeded to peel half the avocado with the knife .
the person removed the pit from the other half .
before peeling the other half .
the person randomly pared the avocado .
the person put the avocado on the plate .
from the plate , the person sliced the pared avocado .
the person cleaned up the waste .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person cut off the edges .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a small plate .
the person than peeled the skin off half of the avocado .
the person than took the other half .
the person removed the core .
the person peeled the skin off of the avocado .
the person washed his hand .
than cut the avocado into smaller slices .
the person than took the peels and core .
the person placed the peels and core in the garbage .
the person than washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an avocado .
the person put the avocado onto a cutting board .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a small plate .
the person peeled half the avocado .
the person removed the pitt from the avocado .
the person peeled the other half of the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into small pieces on the plate .
the person disposed of the avocado peeled .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed an avocado .
the person sliced the avocado in half .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person allowed the trimmings to fall into onto the cutting board .
the person placed the cut avocado on the plate .
the person placed the seed on the cutting board .
the person continued to peel the avocado .
the person picked up the trimmings , .
the person placed the trimmings in the trash can .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an avocado out of the fridge .
the person used a knife to cut the avocado in half .
the person cut the tips off the avocado halves .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got out a small plate .
the person used the knife to peel one half of the avocado .
the person placed the peeled half on the plate .
the person used the knife to remove the pit from the other avocado half .
the person peeled that half of the avocado .
the person placed that half of the avocado on the plate .
the person cut the avocado into pieces .
the person discarded the avocado peel in the garbage .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person cut an avocado in half , vertically .
the person cut the edges off the narrow end of each half .
the person took one half , .
the person peeled the skin off with the knife .
the person placed one half on a plate .
the person de-seeded the other half .
the person peeled the skin off the other half in the same manner .
the person chopped up the avocado roughly into several pieces .
the person threw all the peels and the seed into the dustbin .
the person got a chili from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the chili in a sink .
the person dried the chili in a hand towel .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the chili on the cutting board .
the person threw the stem in a trash can .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a red chilli out .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the prep area .
the person washed the chilli .
an wiped the chilli with cloth .
the person sliced the chilli into pieces .
the person threw the stem in dustbin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a chili out of the cabinet .
the person set a chili on the counter .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a cutting board to the chili .
the person washed the chili in the sink .
the person dried the chili with a kitchen towel .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the chili into rounds .
the person threw the scraps in the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a chilli from the pantry .
the person set the chilli on the counter .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person put the cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed the chilli in the sink .
the person dried the chilli with a towel .
the person put the chilli on the cutting board .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the chilli into slices .
the person threw the stem of the chilli away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a chilli pepper from the cabinet .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed the chilli in the sink .
the person dried the chilli on a towel .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person diced the chilli on the cutting board .
the person diced the chilli on the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a chili and a cutting board .
the person washed the chili .
the person dried the chili , .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the chili into small pieces .
the person threw out the stem .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed a fresh red chili pepper from the pantry , .
the person placed a fresh red chili on the counter , .
the person removed a small wooden cutting board from a drawer , .
the person placed a small wooden cutting board on the counter beside the pepper , .
the person took the pepper to the sink , .
the person rinsed the pepper under the faucet .
the person shook the excess water off of the pepper , .
the person dried the pepper with a dishtowel , .
the person placed the pepper on the cutting board , .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the pepper crosswise , .
the person stopped he reached the stem .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person threw the pepper stem in the trash .
the person went to stand beside the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a chili .
the person put the chili on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person rubbed the chili on a dishrag .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the chili into fine slices .
the person disposed of the chili stem .
the person left the chili on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person reached into the cabinet .
the person opened the cupboard to look for something .
the person removed a pepper .
the person removed the pepper , .
the person walked over to a drawer .
from the drawer , the person removed a circular cutting board .
the person reached over to the ink .
the person rinsed the pepper , .
the person walked over to a hanging towel .
the person dried the pepper .
the person reached back into the drawer .
the person laid the pepper on the cutting board .
the person pulled out a cutting knife .
the person held the pepper in place on the cutting board .
the person bag to cut small pieces .
the person continued to cut uniform pieces of pepper until he reached the stem .
the person reached the stem .
the person stopped cutting .
the person took the stem .
the person threw the stem away in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a red chilli .
the person placed a red chilli on the prep area .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board .
the person washed the chilli .
the person wiped the chilli with a cloth .
the person placed the chilli on the cuting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the chilli into pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a chilli pepper out the cabinet .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out of the drawer .
the person sliced the chilli pepper into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person took a chili pepper out the pantry .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife out of another drawer .
the person put the chili pepper on the cutting board .
the person cut the chili pepper into little pieces with the knife .
the person opened up the pantry .
the person took out a chili pepper .
the person took out a cutting board from underneath the counter .
the person also took out a knife , .
the person sliced the chili pepper into small pieces .
the person stopped slicing he got to the stem .
the person threw away the stem end .
the person removed a chilli from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person diced the chilli .
the chef chose a red chili pepper from the pantry .
the person pulled out a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the chili pepper .
the person dried the chili pepper .
the person placed a chili pepper on the cutting board .
the person cut the entire chili into slices .
the person discarded the stem and top .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a chili pepper out of the cabinet .
the person set a chili on the counter .
the person pulled a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person picked up the chili .
the person washed the chili over the sink .
the person used a towel hanging nearby to dry the chili as well as his hands .
the person set the chili on the cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person chopped the chili .
the person set the knife onto the cutting board .
the person threw away the chili 's stem .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a chili from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the chili on the cutting board .
the person threw away the top of the chili .
the person removed a chili from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the chili in the sink .
the person dried the chili with a towel .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the chili into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person went to the back cupboard .
the person pulled out a chili .
the person reached into the drawer under the counter .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
with the cutting board on the counter , the person rinsed the chili under some water .
the person dried the chili off with a towel .
the person reached into another drawer .
the person cut the entire chili into slices .
the person reached the end of the chili , he cut off the stem .
the person threw the stem in the trash .
the person took out a chilli pepper from a cupboard , .
the person placed a chilli on a counter .
the person also took out a chopping board from under the counter .
the person washed the chilli .
the person dried the chilli .
the person put the chili on the board .
the person started to cut the chilli up into pieces , working from the bottom of the chilli .
the person had cut all he could , .
the person put the stem end of the chilli into a waste bin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot from under the counter .
the person put water in the pot , .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person covered the pot .
the person added salt to the water .
the person took pasta from the cabinet .
the person placed the pasta on the counter .
the person added pasta to the water .
the person stirred the pasta with a fork .
the person put the rest of the pasta away .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person wiped the stove with a towel .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person took a bowl from the cupboard and colander from the drawer .
the person added salt to the water .
the person covered the pot .
the person wiped the counter .
the person tasted the pasta with a fork .
the person strained the pasta in the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person poured the pasta on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person added salt to the water .
the person got some pasta from the pantry .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added the pasta the water did .
the person put away the left over pasta .
the person stirred the pot .
the person wiped the stove top .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person put a colander in the sink .
the person checked the pasta .
the person added seasoning to the pot .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person waited .
the person checked the pasta .
the person poured the pasta into the colander .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person poured the pasta on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put salt into the water .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out pasta .
the person put the pasta into the boiling water .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a strainer .
the person added more salt to the pot .
the person strained the pasta in the sink .
the person put the strained pasta onto a plate .
the person got a pot from a drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added salt to the water .
the person got pasta from the cabinet .
the person added the pasta to the water .
the person got a plate and a fork .
the person got a strainer .
the person put the strainer in a sink .
the person strained the pasta in the strainer .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person got out a pot with a lid .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put salt in the water , .
the person put the lid back on .
the person took some pasta out of the cabinet .
the person put the pasta on the counter .
the person waited for the water to boil , .
the person put some of the pasta into the water .
the person stirred the pasta with a spoon .
the person lifted the lid for a few seconds the pasta almost boiled over , .
the person and turned down the heat .
the person stirred the pasta again , .
the person got a towel , .
the person wiped the stovetop .
the person adjusted the temperature of the stove again .
the person hung the towel back up .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet , and a colander out of the drawer .
the person got a fork out , .
the person took a piece of pasta from the pot , .
the person salted the water again .
the person adjusted the temperature on the stove .
the person stirred the pasta again .
the person tasted the pasta again , .
the person took the pasta off the stove .
the person dumped the pasta into the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put some of the pasta on a plate .
the person placed a pot of water on to boil .
the person added salt to the water .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person took out a bag of pasta .
the person set a bag of pasta onto the counter .
the person placed the pasta into the boiled water .
the person returned the pasta into the pantry .
the person returned to the pot of pasta boiling .
the person took off the lid .
the person stirred the pot of pasta .
the person took out a plate and fork to prepare for the pasta .
person strained the pasta .
the person placed the pasta on the plate .
the person took a pot from a cupboard .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person placed a cover onto the pot .
the person added salt to the water .
the person took a bag of pasta from the cupboard .
the person put some pasta into the pot of water .
the person stirred the pasta with a spoon .
the person returned the pasta to the cupboard .
the person wiped up some water that boiled over the pot .
the person gathered a plate and a steel strainer .
the person tested the pasta to see if the pasta was cooked .
the person added more salt to the mixture .
the person spoke with someone as he waited for the pasta to cook .
the person poured the cooked pasta into the metal strainer .
the person placed the strained pasta onto the plate .
the person took out a pot with lid .
the person put water in a pot .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person got out a bag of pasta .
the person added some of the pasta .
the person put the bag back up .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person got a colander from the drawer .
the person put a colander in the sink .
the person added another spice to the pot .
the person poured the pasta into the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta under the faucet .
the person put some of the pasta on the plate .
the person left the rest in the colander .
the person set the colander by the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot and cover out of the cabinet .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot of water on the stove to boil .
the person put some salt in the pot .
the person took a bag of pasta out of the cabinet .
the person put the bag of pasta on the counter .
the person poured some of the pasta into the pot of boiling water .
the person closed the bag of pasta .
the person put the bag back in the cabinet .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person wiped the stove .
the person lowered the heat under the pasta .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a colander and spoon out of the drawer .
the person tested the pasta by tasting a piece .
the person put more salt in the pot .
the person tested the pasta by tasting a piece .
the person poured the rest into the colander in the sink .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person poured some into the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot of water on the stove to heat the pot .
the person added salt to the water .
the person took out the pasta from the cupboard .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added the pasta to the water .
the person placed the pasta back in the cupboard .
the person stirred the pasta .
the pasta was finished and the person turned off the stove .
the person sampled the pasta to make sure the pasta was ok .
the person drained the pasta in the strainer .
the person placed a pot with water on the stove .
the person added salt and a lid to the pot .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added pasta to the boiling water .
the person recovered the pot with the lid .
the pot started to bubble over .
the person uncovered the pot .
the person wiped the stove with a rag .
the person changed the settings on the stove .
the person replaced the lid .
the person took a plate , strainer and fork out of the cabinets .
the person sampled the pasta .
the person added more salt .
the person changed stove settings .
the person waited the pasta continued to cook .
the person uncovered the pot .
the person sampled the pasta .
the person used a strainer to drain the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta in the sink .
the person put some pasta onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a pot and lid .
the person filled the pot about a two thirds of the way with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person turned the stove on .
the person salted the water .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
once the water started to boil , .
the person poured half of a bag of noodles into the water .
the person stirred the water .
the person replaced the lid .
the person stirred the pot occasionally , .
the person added some more salt .
cooking for a few more minutes , .
the person tasted the noodles to see if they were ready .
the person found that they were done , he poured the noodles into a colander in the sink , .
from the colander onto a plate .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person added salt to the water .
the person took a bag of pasta out of the cabinet .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added pasta to the boiling water .
the person closed the bag of pasta .
the person occasionally stirred the pasta .
the person added seasoning to the pasta .
the person strained the water off the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person took out a pot .
the person put water into the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put salt into the water .
the person put a lid on the pot .
the person took pasta from the cabinet .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added the pasta to the water .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person put away the extra pasta .
the person continued to stir the pasta .
the person cleaned up water that spilled .
the person entered the kitchen , .
bent down to look for a pot , .
found one pot , .
the person took the pot to the sink , .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person looked up , .
the person continued to fill the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person read the controls on the stove .
the person turned on the light above the range top and the aisle of the pot .
the person placed to the top on the pot , .
the person walked over to the seasoning rack , .
the person grabbed salt , .
the person returned to the pot where he removed the lid .
the person shook the seasoning into the pot .
the person walked to one of the cabinets in the back of the kitchen .
the person returned to the counter with a bag of pasta .
the person took a few steps back , .
the person gazed at the pot for a minute , .
the person walked over , .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person placed his hands on the counter top , .
the person opened the bag of pasta , .
the person poured most of the pasta into the pot of boiling water .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person returned the remaining pasta to the cabinet .
the person returned to the pot .
where the person stirred the pasta some more .
the person lifted a dishtowel from a hook , .
the person wiped the spilled pot water from the stovetop .
the person adjusted the temperature of the aisle .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet , .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person pulled out a colander , .
the person placed the colander in the sink .
the person opened the pot of water , .
the person tasted pasta .
the person went back to the seasoning rack , .
the person grabbed the salt .
the person shook the salt into the pot .
the person lifted dishtowel from off the hook of the cabinet .
the person wiped the countertop .
the person returned the dishtowel to the hook .
the person stood directly in front of the pot .
the person tasted the pasta , .
the person removed the pot from the stove .
the person took the pot to the sink .
the person poured the pasta into the colander , .
the person rinsed the pasta with water , .
the person shook off the water .
the person poured some of the pasta onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a pot out of the cabinet .
the person poured water into the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person added ingredients into the pot .
the person pulled pasta out of the cabinet .
the person poured the pasta into the pot of water .
the person grabbed a plate out of the cabinet .
the person pulled a strainer out of the drawer .
the person added more salt into the pot .
the person poured the pot into the strainer .
the person placed the pasta onto the plate .
the person grabbed a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person added salt to the pot of water .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person sat some pasta on the counter .
the person added some pasta to the water .
the person put the rest away .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person used a towel to wipe away mess .
the person poured the pasta in a strainer .
the person shook the strainer .
the person poured the pasta on a plate .
the person got a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person added salt to the water .
the person removed some pasta from the cabinet .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added the pasta to the water .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put a colander in the sink .
the person tested a piece of pasta .
the person drained the pasta .
the person put some pasta on a plate .
the person took out a pot .
the person poured some water into a pot in the sink .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person took a salt shaker .
the person poured some salt in the water .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person took a bag of pasta out of the pantry .
the person poured some pasta into the pot .
the person stirred the pasta with a spoon .
the person down the stove off .
the person put the rest of the pasta back into the pantry .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard and a strainer out of a drawer .
the person took a fork out of a drawer .
the person tested the pasta .
the person poured more salt into the pasta and water .
the person let the pasta and water simmer .
the person put the pasta in the strainer .
the person strained the pasta .
the person put some pasta on the plate .
the person walked in .
the person pulled a stainless steel pot from beneath the cabinet .
the person filled the stainless steel pot halfway with water from the faucet , .
the person set the stainless steel pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added salt from a saltshaker to the water , .
the person covered the pot , .
the person replaced the saltshaker in the nearby spice rack .
the person pulled a bag of pasta from the cabinet behind him .
the person waited for the water on the stove top to boil , .
the person checked the water periodically .
the person opened the bag of pasta , .
the person uncovered the pot .
the person shook about half the bag into the heated water .
the person used a steel fork from the drawer to stir the pasta .
the person covered the pot again .
the person returned the half-empty bag of pasta to the cabinet , .
the person checked on the pasta .
the person wiped some of the water that had spilled onto the stove 's surface with a kitchen towel .
the person adjusted the stove 's settings .
the person stirred the pasta again , .
the person replaced the cover he was done .
the person pulled out a ceramic bowl from the cabinet and a large metal colander from the drawer , .
the large metal colander which the person placed in the sink .
the person tried a piece of pasta to see if it was done , .
the person looked through the cabinet .
the person removed the salt shaker from the spice rack .
the person salted the water more heavily , .
covering the pot finished .
the person wiped the counter surface with a kitchen towel .
the person uncovered the pot .
the person tried another forkful of pasta , .
the person emptied the pot into the colander in the sink .
the person poured half the pasta into his bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person slowly walked towards the cupboard .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a piece of ginger out of the cupboard .
the person came to the kitchen platform .
the person took the chopping board out of the draw .
the person took a knife .
the person placed a knife back .
the person took another knife .
the person cut the ginger into a small portion .
the person kept the large portion aside .
the person started to cut the small portion of ginger into small cubes .
the person finished cutting .
the person looked up at someone .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a thumb of ginger from the cupboard .
the person gathered a cutting board and a small knife .
the person placed the ginger on the cutting board .
the person cut away a small piece of the ginger from the piece .
the person sliced this small piece into four smaller bits .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person walked to a cabinet .
the person removed a piece of ginger .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person rummaged in a drawer until he found a knife .
the person proceeded to cut off a small piece of ginger .
the person placed the rest of the ginger to the side .
the person cut the small piece of ginger into slices .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got ginger from the cupboard .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut a piece off the ginger root .
the person minced the piece into tiny bits .
the person stepped away from the counter .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out ginger , a cutting board and knife .
the person cut a segment of ginger off of the main root , .
thinly sliced a segment of ginger .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took out some ginger .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person cut off a chunk from the ginger .
the person sliced the small piece of ginger .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person opened the pantry .
the person took out a knob of ginger .
the person opened a drawer under the counter .
the person took out a cutting board , as well as a small knife .
the person sliced a very small piece off of the ginger .
the person carefully cut the piece of ginger into small slices .
the person put the knife down .
aman entered the kitchen .
the person retreaved a cutting board and small knife .
the person took a small brown vegi .
the person started to cut a small brown vegi into asmall peices .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed a ginger root from the pantry , .
the person placed a ginger on the counter , .
the person removed a small wooden cutting board from a drawer , .
the person placed a small wooden cutting board on the counter beside the ginger root .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a knife rejecting several others .
the person placed the ginger root on the cutting board , .
the person sliced off a roughly one-fourth section , .
the person set the rest on the counter beside the cutting board .
the person sliced the one-fourth section into medium-width strips , .
the person placed the knife on the counter beside the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took some ginger from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawers .
the person cut some ginger into small pieces .
the person removed ginger from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut off a piece of the ginger .
the person sliced that piece into smaller pieces .
the person removed a small piece of fresh stem ginger from a cupboard , .
the person brought a small piece of fresh stem ginger to a kitchen counter .
the person placed a chopping board on the counter .
the person selected a small knife .
the person cut off a small side ` knob ' off the main part of the ginger .
this the person cut into small slices .
the person opened the fridge .
the person placed a piece of ginger on the counter .
the person placed a piece of ginger on the counter .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person finely chopped the ginger .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a ginger root from the cabinet .
from under the sink the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person cut a piece of ginger off the root .
the person cut a piece of ginger into small pieces .
the person got ginger root from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut a piece off the ginger root .
the person cut a piece off the ginger root .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took some ginger from the cabinet .
the person placed the ginger on the counter .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer .
the person cut away a small portion of the ginger root .
the person set the large portion aside .
the person cut the small portion into smaller slices on the cutting board .
the person stepped back .
the person went over to the cabinet .
the person took out a clove of ginger .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the stem part of the ginger off .
the person sliced that part into fine lengths .
the person set down the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a ginger from the cabinet .
the person set the ginger on the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person set the cutting board onto the counter .
the person opened the top drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person used a knife to remove a chunk off the ginger .
the person set the rest of the ginger aside .
the person cut the chunk into smaller slices .
the person set the knife onto the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to a set of cabinets .
the person opened one of the doors .
the person pulled out a piece of ginger .
the person walked across the kitchen .
the person sat the ginger on the counter .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person closed the drawer .
the person opened another drawer , .
began to pick up a knife .
the person put a knife back .
the person chose another one .
the person chose another one .
the person grabed the piece of ginger .
the person sat the ginger on the cutting boar .
the person cut off a quarter size piece .
the person sat the rest of the ginger aside .
the person proceeded to cut his chosen piece into six small slices .
the person was done the cutting the ginger .
the person arranged the pieces .
the person put the knife down .
the person got a piece of ginger out of the pantry .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a knife out of another drawer .
the person sliced a small piece of ginger off of the larger piece with the knife .
the person sliced the smaller piece into even smaller pieces with the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a couple of figs from the refrigerator .
the person took out a plate from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a plate off in the sink .
the person washed one of the figs .
the person put the other fig back in the fridge .
the person got out a knife and cutting board .
the person set a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person cut the fig into thin slices .
the person arranged the fig slices on the plate .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
in closing , the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands off with a towel .
the person took figs out of the fridge .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink , .
the person rinsed a fig on the plate .
the person returned the other fig to the fridge .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person sliced the end off the fig .
the person continued to slice the fig .
the person moved each slice individually to the plate .
the person arranged the fig slices on the plate in a floral pattern .
the person threw away the remains of the fig , .
the person cleaned up .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a plate of figs .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person placed one fig on his plate .
the person washed the fig .
the person put the remaining fig back into the refrigerator .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person retrieved a cutting board from a drawer .
the person sliced the fig .
the person arranged the fig slices on the plate .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed figs , .
the person placed the figs on the counter .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person rinsed off the figs in the sink , .
the person shut the sink off .
the person placed one fig back into the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person sliced the fig on the cutting board .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person sliced more of the fig .
the person placed the rest of the slices on the plate .
the person arranged the figs on the plate .
the person tossed the scraps in the trash can .
the person rinsed off the knife and cutting board .
the person removed two figs from the refrigerator .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed one fig and plate .
the person put the other fig back in the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut off the ends of the fig .
the person sliced the fig into several pieces .
the person placed the sliced pieces onto the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife , .
the person put the cutting board and knife in the drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person took out some figs .
the person put the figs on the counter .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person rinsed one of the figs .
the person reached into the drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person got a cutting board from another drawer .
the person put the fig on the cutting board .
the person cut off both ends .
the person cut the fig into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person threw away the ends .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person removed a container holding two figs in a container from the refrigerator .
the person took a plate from a cupboard .
the person rinsed a plate off .
the person returned the container holding the remaining fig .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person cut the stem from the fig .
the person cut the bottom end from the fig .
the person cut the fig into slices .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person carefully arranged the fig slices in a circle with two pieces in the middle on the plate .
the person washed off the plate and knife .
the person returned the plate and knife to the drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out two figs .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person rinsed one fig .
the person put the other fig back into the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person cut off the ends of the fig .
the person cut the fig into small pieces .
the person put the pieces of fig onto the plate .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed some figs .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the plate and fig .
the person put the other fig in the refrigerator .
the person got a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person cut the fig into slices .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person arranged the slices on the plate .
the person threw the rubbish away .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person washed his hands .
the person got two figs from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person rinsed a fig in a sink .
the person put the other fig back in the fridge .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the ends off the fig .
the person sliced the fig into circles .
the person put the figs on the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the knife in the sink .
the person put the cutting board and the knife back in the drawer .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took two figs out .
the person placed two figs on the prep area .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person washed the plate and a fig as well .
the person kept the plate and a fig in the prep area .
the person placed back the other fig back into the fridge .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a knife and cutting board .
the person washed the knife .
the person cut the fig into slices .
the person arranged the cut figs beautifully on a plate .
the person transferred the waste into dust bin .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person placed back the cutting board and knife in the drawer .
the person got a vegetable out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a vegetable in the sink .
the person washed a vegetable .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person began to slice a vegetable .
the person arranged the slices in a circle on a plate .
the person washed his hands .
first the person took a fig .
the person washed a fig .
the person cut off the ends .
the person sliced up the rest of the fig .
the person arranged the slices nicely on a plate ready to be served .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed figs out the fridge .
the person grabbed a white plate out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed the figs and plate using the sink .
the person placed one fig on the white plate .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person sliced the figs on the cutting board .
the person placed the sliced figs on the white plate .
the person decorated the figs on a white plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two figs in a package from the refrigerator .
the person placed the package on the counter .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed one of the figs in the sink .
the person put the package back into the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person sliced the fig on the cutting board .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person arranged the fig slices on the plate .
the person scraped the trimmings off the board into the waste bin .
the person rinsed the knife and board in the sink .
the person put the knife and board away .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a platter of two figs from the refrigerator .
the person set the platter on the counter .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink , .
the person placed one of the figs on the plate .
the person rinsed the fig carefully .
the person returned the other fig to the fridge .
the person took a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person cut the stem from the fig .
the person carefully sliced the fig into several thin slices .
the person sliced a piece , .
the person placed a piece on the plate .
the person arranged the slices in a pattern .
the person threw away the fig peeled and stem .
the person rinsed the knife and the cutting board .
the person put away the knife and cutting board .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took two figs on a platter out of the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out of the pantry .
the person rinsed the plate off .
the person rinsed a fig over the plate .
the person put the other fig back in the refrigerator .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the top of the fig off with the knife .
the person cut the fig into slices with the knife .
the person placed the fig slices on the plate .
the person rinsed off the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person washed and dried his hands .
the person took two figs from a fridge .
the person opened a cupboard .
the person took out a plate .
the person washed both the plate and one of the figs under running water .
the person replaced the other fig back into the fridge .
the person selected a knife from a drawer .
also took out a chopping board .
the person had washed the knife , .
the person cut off the top and bottom of the fig .
the person cut the fig into even slices .
each of the slices the person placed on the plate .
the person disposed of the waste parts of the fig in the bin , .
the person washed the knife and board .
the person had put the wet knife and board back in the drawers , .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out some figs , and a plate .
the person put a fig on the plate .
the person washed a fig .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person washed the knife , .
the person cut the tip off of the fig .
the person sliced the fig into thin pieces , .
the person arranged the pieces on the plate , placing the stemmed in the middle in a pattern .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled two figs out of the fridge .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed a plate in the sink .
the person washed the fig and the plate .
the person put one fig against the plate .
the person put the fig and the plate on the counter .
the person returned the second fig to the fridge .
the person took a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person put a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person cut the top off the fig .
the person cut the fig in thin rounds , .
the person placed the thin rounds of the fig on the plate as he cut the rounds of the fig .
the person took the cutting board with the scraps to the trash .
the person scraped the scraps into the trash can .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
before washing and drying his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person placed the rest of the bread back into the cabinet .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person also took out some bread from a cabinet .
the person removed the bread from the plastic .
the person put the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person pulled a knife out of another drawer .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person put the remaining bread back into the plastic wrap .
the person returned the loaf to the cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter and a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced two pieces off the loaf .
the person put away the rest of the loaf .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person removed the bread from the bag .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut two thin slices from the loaf of bread .
the person returned the rest of the loaf of bread to the bag .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person placed the loaf of bread back in the cabinet .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person sliced the bread .
the person sliced only two pieces of bread off of the loaf .
the person placed the leftover loaf back in the cupboard .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the bread into slices with the knife .
the person cut two slices off the loaf of bread .
the person put the bread back into the pantry .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a loaf of bread from a cabinet .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced two slices off the bread with the knife .
the person put the loaf of bread back in the cabinet .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person got a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person cut two slices .
the person wrapped the bread up .
the person put the bread back in the cabinet .
the person obtained a bread board .
the person obtained a six inch loaf of bread .
the person placed the bread onto the bread board bottom side down .
the person obtained a bread knife .
the person cut the bread into two approximately one half inch slices .
the person held the bread down with one hand .
the person held the bread down with one hand .
the person cut the slices with the other .
once finished cutting two slices of bread , the person put away the uncut bread loaf .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took some bread out of the pantry .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person sliced two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person put the loaf of bread back in the bag .
the person put the loaf in the pantry .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a loaf of bread .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a knife .
the person cut two slices from the bread .
the person put the remaining bread back to the cover .
the person kept the remaining bread in the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got out a loaf of bread .
the person set the bread on the cutting board .
the person began slicing the bread with a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person put the loaf back in the bag .
the person put the bag of bread back in the cupboard .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed some bread from a cabinet .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person cut two slices from the bread .
the person placed the bread back in the bag .
the person placed the bread back in the cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a small , wooden cutting board from a drawer , .
the person placed a small , wooden cutting board on the counter .
the person removed a loaf of bread from a cabinet in the back .
the person removed the bread from its bag .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person removed a long knife from the drawer in front of her .
the person cut one slice from the loaf of bread .
the person attempted to cut another slice .
the person successfully cut a second slice of bread .
the person lifted the loaf of bread the knife was still in the loaf of bread .
the person checked how much further he had to cut .
the person stacked the two slices together .
the person replaced the bread in its bag .
the person returned the bread to the cabinet .
the person gathered a cutting board from a drawer .
the person took a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person took a bread knife from the drawer .
the person sliced two slices from the loaf of bread .
the person returned the loaf to its bag .
the person placed the loaf back in the cupboard .
the person appeared in the video .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet door .
the person placed a cutting board onto the counter .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person opened the door to the refrigerator .
the person opened the door to the cupboard .
the person took out an uncut loaf of bread out of the cupboard .
the person closed the refrigerator back up .
the person walked back to the counter .
the person took the loaf of bread out of its bag .
the person placed the uncut loaf of bread onto the cutting board .
the person opened a drawer .
the person grabbed a sharp cutting knife out of a drawer .
the person closed the drawer .
the person cut the bread into two slices .
the person placed the remaining loaf of bread back in its bag .
the person walked back over to the cupboard .
the person opened the door .
the person placed the bread back onto the cupboard shelf .
the person closed the cupboard door .
the person walked back over to the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person looked into a couple of drawers .
the person placed a cutting board on the kitchen counter .
the person turned .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person removed the bread from its packaging .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced off two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person put the bread back into its packaging .
the person put the bread back in the cupboard .
the person put the bread back into the cabinet .
the person returned to stand by the cutting board on the counter top .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , loaf of bread and a knife .
the person unwrapped the bread , .
the person sliced two pieces with the knife .
the person wrapped the remaining loaf back up , .
the person put the remaining loaf away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened two drawers .
the person opened a third , bigger drawer .
the person pulled out a wooden cutting board .
the person placed a wooden cutting board on the marble counter .
the person turned around .
the person walked to a cupboard .
the person pulled out a loaf of bread .
the person returned to the counter .
the person opened the bag of bread .
the person placed the bread , in the bag , on the cutting board .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person opened the larger drawer again .
the person pulled out a bread knife .
the person cut two average slices of bread .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person returned to the counter .
the person returned to the counter .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a fig , cutting board and peeler .
the person washed the fig , peeler and cutting board .
the person cut the stem off of the fig , .
the person peeled the fig .
the person took out a plate , .
the person cut the fig into discs .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retreaved a fig , a cuting board , a knife , and a peeler .
the person proceeded to peel the fig , .
the person stacked the skin chunks in a pile .
the person proceeded to slice the fig .
the person placed the fig in a bowl .
the person removed a fig from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and peeler from the drawer .
the person rinsed the fig in the sink .
the person also rinsed the peeler and cutting board .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed a knife .
the person peeled the fig .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person sliced the fig into pieces .
the person placed the pieces in the bowl .
the person threw the fig peeled in the garbage .
the person removed some fig from from the fridge .
the removed a board and a knife and peeler from a drawer .
the person washed the fig .
the person washed his utensils .
the person peeled the fig .
the person washed the plate .
the person sliced the fig .
the person put the fig on a plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a fig from the fridge .
the person checked the first drawer for a cutting board .
the person saw that a cutting board was n't there , he opened the 2nd drawer .
the person found one cutting board in the second drawer .
the person went back to the first drawer .
the person pulled out a peeler .
the person washed the fig off in the sink .
the person rinsed the fig off , .
the person took the peeler under the water .
the person got the peeler wet , .
the person put the cutting board under the running water in order to wet it , .
the person took a cutting board back on the counter .
the person turned off the water .
the person got a knife out of the first drawer .
the person ran a knife under water for a second .
the person cut the top off of the fig .
the person started peeling the fig .
the person was done peeling the fig , .
the person washed his hand .
the person got a bowl out of the cupboard in the back .
the person sliced the fig , .
the person put the slices in the bowl , .
the person threw out the skin .
the person put the cutting board , knife , and peeler in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a fig .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person searched two drawers .
before emerging with a cutting board and a potato peeler .
the person moved over to the sink , .
the person turned on the faucet .
the person washed the fig .
the person took up the cutting board and potato peeler from the counter .
the person rinsed the cutting board and potato peeler both .
the person returned the three items to the counter .
the person turned the water off , .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut tip off the fig .
began peeling the fig , .
with the potato peeler in hand , the person peeled the fig .
the person placed the fig on the counter top .
the person used the knife to slice some of the fig .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands on the kitchen towel .
the person walked to the back of the kitchen , .
the person opened a cabinet , .
the person emerged with a bowl .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person placed the bowl on the counter .
where the person finished slicing the fig .
the person placed the sliced fig into the bowl .
the person scraped the peelings off the cutting board into the trash .
the person placed the cutting board into the sink , .
the person picked up the sponge .
the person got a fig from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person rinsed the fig in a sink .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the fig with the vegetable peeler .
the person cut the bottom off with a knife .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person cut the fig into circles .
the person put the figs on the plate .
the person put the peels in a trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed figs from the refrigerator .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed the fig on the cutting board , .
the person opened up the drawer again .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person rinsed off the fig in the sink .
the person opened the drawer again , .
the person removed a knife .
the person peeled the fig .
the person turned the sink on , .
the person rinsed his hands off .
the person turned the sink off .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person sliced the fig , .
the person placed the sliced fig onto the plate .
the person tossed the scraps in the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a fig from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and peeler from the drawer .
the person rinsed the fig , cutting board and peeler in the sink .
the person took a knife .
the person cut away the stem .
the person peeled the fig over the cutting board .
the person cut away the bottom .
the person took a bowl from the sink .
the person sliced the fig .
the person put the slices in the bowl .
the person discarded the peelings .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a fig .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person took out the cutting board .
the person took a slicer out .
the person washed the fig , slicer and the cutting board well .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person washed a knife too .
the person peeled the skin of the fig with a slicer .
the person washed his hands .
the person wiped his hands with towel .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person washed a plate .
the person sliced the fig into pieces .
the person placed the pieces in the plate .
the person disposed the waste in a dustbin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a fig .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a peeler .
the person washed the fig in the sink .
the person rinsed the cutting board and peeler .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut off the end of the fig .
the person peeled the fig .
the person washed his hands .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a bowl .
the person cut the fig into thin slices .
the person put the fig sliced into the bowl .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a fig from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board and a peeler .
the person rinsed the fig , cutting board and peeler .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed a knife as well .
the person cut the top off the fig .
the person used the peeler to take the skin off .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a bowl .
the person cut the peeled fig into pieces .
the person put the pieces into the bowl .
the person threw away the skin .
the person put his utensils in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a fig from the refrigerator .
the person took out a small cutting board and peeling utensil .
the person washed the fig , .
the person splashed some water on cutting board and peeler .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person washed a knife .
the person cut the tip off of the fig with a knife .
the person peeled the fig with the peeler .
the person peeled the skin off the fig , .
the person took the knife .
the person cut off the bottom end of the fig .
the person discarded the bottom end of the fig .
the person grabbed a small ball , .
the person rinsed a small ball out , .
the person sliced the fig , .
the person placed the slices in the bowl .
the person threw the fig peeled into the garbage .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a fig out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and peeler out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the fig and items using the sink .
the person cut off the top part of the fig using a knife .
the person peeled the fig using a peeler .
the person grabbed a small white bowl out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the fig using a knife .
the person placed the sliced fig into the bowl .
the person tossed the leftover fig into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a fig from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person rinsed the fig .
the person rinsed the cutting board and peeler .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person scraped the peeling off with the peeler .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person sliced the fig with the knife .
the person placed the fig slices in the bowl .
the person threw away the peeling .
the person retrieved a cutting board from a drawer .
once the person retrieved the cutting board , .
the person placed the pear onto the cutting board .
the person retrieved a peeler .
the person washed the pear .
the person washed the cutting board with water .
the person peeled the pear .
the person peeled the pear , .
the person got a small bowl .
the person cut the pear into circular slices .
the person placed the circular slices into the bowl .
the person placed the cutting board in the sink .
the person took a fresh , green fig out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , a peeler and a knife .
the person washed a fresh , green fig .
the person rinsed the cutting board , peeler and knife .
the person cut the stem off the fig .
the person peeled the fig with the peeler .
the person cut a thin disc .
the person chopped the fig into approximately one centimeter thick discs .
the person placed the discs in a bowl .
the person discarded a thin disc off the bottom of the fig .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a fig from the refrigerator .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person set the cutting board on the counter .
the person put the fig on the cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a peeler .
the person washed the fig , the cutting board , and the peeler over the sink .
the person set the fig , the cutting board , and the peeler on the counter .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person washed a knife .
the person cut the stem off the fig .
the person used the peeler to peel the skin off the fig .
the person used the knife to cut the bottom end off the fig .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person took out a bowl from the cabinet .
the person gave a bowl a quick rinse .
the person cut the fig into thin slices .
the person put the thin slices into the bowl .
the person discard the trash .
the person put everything into the sink except the bowl .
the person took a fig out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a peeler out of another drawer .
the person rinsed the fig off in the sink .
the person rinsed the peeler and the cutting board in the sink .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person cut the top of the fig off .
the person peeled the skin off the fig .
the person took a bowl out of the pantry .
the person rinsed a bowl in the sink .
the person sliced the fig into four sections .
the person put the four sections in the bowl .
the person threw the fig skin in the trash .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person took a fig from the refrigerator .
the person drew a cutting board and peeling utensil from a drawer .
the person rinsed the fig , cutting board , and peeling utensil off in the sink .
the person drew a kitchen knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed a kitchen knife off .
the person used the knife to cut the stem from the fig .
the person used the peeling utensil to peel the skin away from the fig .
the person peeled the skin away .
the person took a bowl from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a bowl in the sink .
the person took the knife .
the person cut the fig .
the person cut the fig into slices .
the person placed the slices in the bowl .
the person discarded the skin .
the person began to wash the cutting board and utensils .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person took the pot out of the lower cabinet .
the person placed the lid on the counter .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person shut the cabinet .
the person adjusted the burner .
the person placed the lid back on the pot , .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person removed the hot dogs .
the person walked over .
the person placed the hot dogs on the counter .
the person walked over to the oven .
the person opened the oven up .
the person closed the oven back .
the person walked back to the stove .
the person peeped in the pot .
the person adjusted the burner , .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person removed the bread .
the person set the bread on the counter .
the person removed the cutting board from the lower cabinet , .
the person removed the knife from the drawer .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person started removing the bread from the bag .
the person placed the buns on the cutting board .
the person sliced the bread .
the person walked to the stove .
the person peeped in the pot .
the person adjusted the burner , .
the person placed the bun wrapper in the trash .
the person walked over to the stove .
the person placed the buns in the stove .
the person adjusted the oven .
the person placed the hotdogs in the pot .
the person removed the lid on the pot .
the person placed the lid back on the pot .
the person picked up the hotdog jar .
the person placed the hot dog jar on the counter .
the person picked up the towel .
the person walked over to the stove .
the person wiped the stove off .
the person placed the towel on the counter .
the person walked back to the stove .
the person adjusted the stove .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed two plates .
the person placed two plates on the counter .
the person walked towards the oven .
back to the stove .
the person checked the hotdogs .
the person set on the counter .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person removed some ingredients in the bowl .
the person placed some ingredients on the counter .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed the ketchup and mustard .
the person walked to the oven and back to the stove .
the person adjusted the stove .
the person opened the door of the oven .
the person walked back to the stove .
the person checked the hotdogs .
the person walked to the oven .
the person removed the buns .
the person placed one on each plate .
the person removed the top off of the pot .
the person moved the pot to another burner .
the person removed a fork out of the drawer .
the person took a hotdog out of the pot .
the person placed a hotdog in the other bun .
the person walked to the refrigerator and walked back .
the person placed the ketchup on the hotdogs .
the person placed the mustard on the hotdogs .
the person placed more ingredients on top of the hotdogs .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person got out a pot , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
from the refrigerator the person withdrew a jar of hotdogs .
the person turned on the over .
the person checked the water in the pot .
the person got out a bag of buns , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person withdrew two buns .
the person cut two buns in half .
the person threw the empty bag away .
the person put the buns in the oven .
the person put two hotdogs in the pot .
the person put the jar away .
the person got out two plates .
the person got out a dish containing something , as well as condiments .
the person checked the stove and oven .
the person got out the buns .
the person put one bun on each plate , .
the person waited more .
the person put the hotdogs in each bun .
the person checked the refrigerator .
the person put condiments on the hotdogs .
the person filled a metal pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person grabbed a jar of hot-dogs from the refrigerator .
the person turned on the oven .
the person placed a cutting board , knife and bag of rolls on the counter .
the person cut the rolls open .
the person threw the bag in the trash .
the person placed the rolls in the oven .
the person dropped a hot-dog into the pot .
the person placed two plates and some condiments on the counter .
the person removed the rolls from the oven .
the person placed the hot-dogs in the rolls .
the person added the condiments to the hot-dogs .
the person took a pot from a drawer .
the person added some water .
the person put the pot on the oven .
the person turned the oven on .
the person took a jar of hot dogs out of the refrigerator .
the person turned the oven on .
the person took a bag of buns out of the pantry .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of drawers .
the person cut the buns on the cutting board .
the person put the rest in the pantry .
the person placed two buns in the oven .
the person put two hot dogs in the water in the pot .
the person took two plates out of the cupboard .
the person took a saucer of a solid condiment out of the pantry .
the person took ketchup and mustard out of the refrigerator .
the person took the buns out of the oven .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns .
the person put the condiments on the hot dogs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put some water in a pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person covered the pot .
the person took a jar of hot dogs from the refrigerator .
the person turned on the oven .
the person took buns from a cabinet and a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person put the buns in the oven .
the person placed two hot dogs in the pot .
the person took two plates from the cabinet .
the person placed two plates on the counter .
the person placed a bowl of condiments on the counter .
the person took mustard and ketchup from the refrigerator .
the person put the toasted buns on the two plates .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns , .
the person tasted the condiment .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person removed some hot-dogs from the refrigerator .
the person turned on the oven .
the person got some buns from the cabinets .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the buns .
the person placed the buns in the oven .
the person put the hot dogs in the pot .
the person got two plates from the cabinet .
the person removed some pickles from the cabinet .
the person got some ketchup and mustard from the refrigerator .
the person got the buns from the oven .
the person placed the hot-dogs on the bun .
the person put the ketchup , mustard , and pickles on the bun .
the person walked in .
the person pulled a pot from under the stove .
the person placed the top on the stove .
the stove that the person turned on to boil water .
whe pulled hot-dogs from the refrigerator .
the person set the oven .
the person got out buns , a cutting board , and a bread knife .
the person used knife and board to split the buns .
the person threw away the trash .
once the oven finished preheating the person placed the bread inside and allowed the bread to toast .
the water began to boil .
so the person placed the hot-dogs into the boiling water .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got out two plates .
the person brought his condiments out .
the person placed his condiments on the counter .
once the buns finished toasting the person pulled the buns from the oven .
shortly , the hot-dogs finished boiling and the person placed the buns in the buns .
the person spread his condiments on top .
the person got out a pot with a lid .
the person put water in a pot .
the person put a por on the stove .
the person got out a package of hot-dog buns .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person took out two hot-dog buns .
the person sliced the hot-dog buns open .
the person threw the bag in the garbage .
the person put the buns in the oven .
the person got out hot-dogs .
the person put two hot dogs in the pot .
the person got out two plates , ketchup and mustard .
the person got out a bowl of something from the cabinet .
the person got the buns out of the oven .
the person put the buns on the plates .
the person put a hot-dog on each bun with a fork .
the person added ketchup , mustard and some of what was in the bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a pot out of the drawer .
the person poured water into the pot using the sink .
the person sliced the hot buns on the cutting board .
the person heated the hot-dog buns using the microwave .
the person placed two hot-dogs into the pot .
the person grabbed two plates out of the cabinet .
the person placed the hot-dog buns onto the white plates .
the person placed the cooked hot-dogs into the buns .
the person squirted ketchup onto the hot-dogs .
the person placed toppings onto the hot-dog .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a pot from the cabinets .
the person filled a pot partially with water .
the person turned the stove on .
the person got out hot dog buns , .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of the bag , .
the person sliced the hot dog buns open .
the person threw away the bag .
the person put the hot dog buns in the oven to toast .
the person placed the hot dogs in the hot water .
the person waited for the items to cook .
the person placed two plates on the counter .
the person took out ketchup , mustard and relish from the fridge .
the person removed the toasted buns .
the person put the toasted buns on the plates .
the person put the hot dogs into the buns .
the person dressed the hot dogs with ketchup , mustard , and relish .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot and cover out of the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the covered pot onto the stove to boil .
the person went into the refrigerator .
the person took out a jar of hot-dogs .
the person turned on the wall oven .
the person went into the cabinet .
the person took out hot-dog rolls .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut two rolls .
the person put the rolls into the oven to toast .
the person put two hot-dogs into the pot .
the person went into the cabinet .
the person took out two plates .
the person took out some spices , mustard and ketchup .
the person took out the toasted rolls .
the person put the toasted rolls on the plates .
the person took the hot-dogs out of the pot .
the person put the hot-dogs on the rolls .
the person put ketchup and mustard and spices on the hot-dogs .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got hotdogs from a refrigerator .
the person heated an oven .
the person got buns from a cabinet .
the person got a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person sliced the buns open .
the person toasted the buns in the oven .
the person put the hotdogs away .
the person got two plates from a cabinet .
the person got ketchup and mustard from a fridge .
the person pulled the buns from the oven .
the person put the buns on the plates .
the person put the cooked hotdogs on the buns .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the hotdogs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a saucepan and lid from the cabinet .
the person filled the pan halfway with water .
the person placed the pan on the stove top .
the person covered the pan .
the person took the hot dogs from the refrigerator .
the person preheated the oven .
the person took the hot dog buns from the pantry .
the person placed the buns in the oven .
the person placed two hot dogs into the saucepan .
the person covered the pan with the lid .
the person took two plates from the cabinet .
the person got some relish from the pantry .
the person took the mustard and ketchup from the refrigerator .
the person removed the toasted buns from the oven .
the person placed the buns on the plates .
the person took the hot dogs from the boiling water .
the person placed the hot dogs on the buns .
the person put some ketchup , mustard , and relish on each hot dog .
person removed draw with his right hand .
the person removed a steel container .
the person opned the cap with his right hand .
the person placed the cap on the kitchen platform .
the person filled some water in the container .
the person flushed the tap with his left hand .
the person placed his hand on the nose with his left hand thumb .
the person placed a steel container on a heater on the kitchen platform with his right hand .
the person opened the draw with his left hand .
the person adjusted the heater settings with right hand .
the person placed the cap of the steel can with his left hand .
the person turned back .
the person opened the refrigerator with his left hand .
the person taken out one glass can can contained a liquid .
the person placed one glass can on the kitchen platform with his right hand .
the person adjusted the heater settings .
again the person turned back , .
the person adjusted the settings on the oven .
the person opened the oven cover with his right hand .
the person checked the settings once again with his right hand , .
the person turned back to the kitchen platform .
the person opened the steel container cap with his right hand .
the person started settings with his left hand .
the person went back .
the person tapped his pockets .
the person turned back .
the person opened the shelf beside the oven with his left hand .
the person taken out buns packet with his left hand .
the person placed buns packet on the platform .
the person opened the draw with his left hand , .
the person taken out a wooden plate with his right hand .
the person placed with on the platform with the support of his left hand .
the person once again opened the draw with his right hand .
the person taken out a knife with his right hand .
the person closed the draw with his left hand .
the person caught the buns packet with his right hand .
the person removed the buns with his left hand .
the person placed two buns side by side on the wooden plate , .
the person cut the two buns with the knife with his right hand .
the person looked back towards the oven once .
the person removed the kettle cap with his right hand .
the person adjusted the settings with his left hand .
the person placed his left hand in his pocket .
the person removed the buns cover with right hand from the kitchen platform , .
the person folded with both hands .
the person opened the draw towards his left with his left .
and placed the cover with his right hand .
the person put both hands in the pocket .
the person turned back and looked towards the oven .
the person looked towards the kettle .
the person took both the buns from the wooden plate .
the person went back to the oven .
the person placed the buns in the oven .
the person started setting the oven with his right hand .
the person removed the cap of the container with his right hand .
the person removed the carrot slized from the glass can with his right hand .
the person put those slizes with his right hand .
the person placed the carrot slized in the boiled water .
the person closed the cap of the glass container .
the person placed on his left side of wardrobe with his left hand .
the person picked a napkin from his left side wardrobe .
the person cleaned on the heater place with his right hand .
the person put the napkin back .
the person opened the cupboard with his right hand .
the person took two saucers with his left hand .
the person removed the cap of the steel can of boiled water .
the person waited for some time .
the person tried to open the electric connectivity point on the platform .
the person gone near the cupboard .
the person took some ingredients in a white cup .
the person went back near the cupboard once again .
the person brought jam and yellow colour ketchup .
the person put his left hand in his pocket .
the person inspected the steel container .
the person touched the heating container with his right hand .
the person looked back once again .
the person placed his left hand on the kitchen platform .
the person again put his left hand in his pocket .
the person adjusted the heater settings many of times .
the person adjusted once again the settings lot many times for few minutes .
the person adjusted the stove .
the person put his left hand on his ears .
the person turned back .
the person opened the oven .
the person put his two hands on the pocket .
the person opened his mobile phone with his left hand .
the person touched the steel container .
the person placed his left arm on his neck .
the person turned back .
the person removed two buns from the oven .
the person placed the buns on each saucers .
the person put his hands in pockets .
the person removed the top of the steel container with his right hand .
the person removed the steel can with his left hand .
the person removed the fork with his right hand .
the person opened the fridge with his right hand .
the person put jam on the buns with his right hand .
the person put the jam on the buns .
the person closed the cap of the jam with left hand .
the person garnished on the buns with his right hands .
the person filled a cooking pot about one-third with water , .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person turned on the stove .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person retrieved a jar of hot dogs from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a knife , cutting board and a package containing two buns , .
the person placed all of a knife , cutting board and a package containing two buns on the counter .
the person placed the buns on the cutting board , .
the person cut the buns lengthwise in two using the knife , .
the person placed the empty packaging in the trash .
the person took the buns from the cutting board , .
the person placed the buns into the oven , .
the person set the oven temperature controls .
the person removed two hot dogs from the jar , .
the person placed two hot dogs into the cooking pot , which now contained boiling water .
the person replaced the lid onto the cooking pot .
the person retrieved two plates from the cupboard .
the person placed two plates on the counter .
the person retrieved a bowl containing chili peppers from the cupboard , and bottles of mustard and ketchup from the refrigerator , .
the person placed all of these on the counter .
the person waited for the hot dogs to cook .
the person tested the heat on the stove surface with his fingers .
the person retrieved the buns from the oven .
the person placed each one on each of the plates on the counter .
the person removed the lid from the pot , .
the person turned off the stove .
the person removed the two hot dogs from the pot using a fork .
the person opened the buns along the line where he cut them , .
the person placed a hot dog inside each of the buns .
the person applied ketchup , mustard and chili peppers onto each of the hot dogs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a pot from the cupboard .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the pot on .
the person put a lid on the pot .
the person got hot dogs out of the refrigerator .
the person turned on the oven .
the person checked the pot on the stove .
the person got hot dog buns out of the cupboard .
the person cut the hot dog buns .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed that pot on the stove .
the person grabbed a jar of hot-dog .
the person placed some hot-dog buns on a cutting board .
the person placed the buns in the microwave .
the person waited for the hot-dogs to finish boiling .
the person placed the buns on two separate plates .
the person placed the hot-dogs in the buns .
the person squeezed ketchup on the hot-dogs .
the person squeezed mustard on the hot-dogs .
the person added a final topping to the hot-dogs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out hot dogs and buns .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person cut the buns in half .
the person put the buns in the oven .
the person put two hot dogs in the pot .
the person took out condiments .
the person took the buns out of the oven .
the person put the hot dogs onto the buns .
the person put ketchup and condiments on the hot dogs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pot from under the stove .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person got some hot dogs from the fridge .
the person turned the oven on .
the person got some hot dog buns from the pantry and a cutting board from under the counter .
the person sliced two buns on the cutting board .
the person threw away the wrapper .
the person put the buns in the oven .
the person put the hot dogs in the pot .
the person got two plates from the pantry .
the person waited for the hot dogs to cook .
the person got a bowl of browned onions from the pantry .
some ketchup and mustard from the fridge .
the person pressed several buttons on the stove .
the person checked the buns .
the person waited a little longer .
the person removed the buns from the oven .
the person put a bun on each plate .
the person used a fork to take the hot dogs out of the water .
the person put a hot dog in each bun .
the person put the onions , ketchup and mustard on both .
the person added ketchup , mustard and condiment to the hot dogs .
the person took out a pot .
the person put some water in the pot .
the person put the pot of water on the stove .
the person turned on stove .
the person got a jar of weiners out of the refrigerator .
the person preheated and oven set the timer .
the person got two buns out of the pantry .
the person got a cutting board of the drawer .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person slit the center of each bun .
the person put the buns in the oven .
the person put two weiners in the pot to boil .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got two plates .
the person got some relish , ketchup , and mustard out of the pantry .
the person took the cooked weiners and buns , relish , condiments .
the person made hotdogs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a juicer .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a lime .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced each half of the lime on the juicer .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a juicer , plate , and lime .
the person took out a knife , .
the person cut the lime in half on the plate , .
juiced each side .
the person got a juicer in a bowl out of a drawer .
the person placed a juicer on the counter top .
the person got a small plate out of a cupboard behind him .
the person placed a small plate on the counter top beside him .
the person opened a fridge .
the person removed a saran wrapped food item .
the person opened a saran wrapped food item .
the person took a lime .
the person put a lime on the plate .
the person replaced the rest of the food into the fridge .
the person brought the plate and food over by the bowl .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a small knife .
the person sliced the the lime .
the person juiced half of the lime .
the person replaced the squished lime on the plate .
the person juiced the second half of the lime .
the person put the second squished lime half back on the plate .
the person inspected the juicer .
the person fiddled with the full bowl of juice and plate of squashed lime .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a juicer out of a drawer .
the person took a shallow dish out of a cabinet .
the person opened the refrigerator , .
the person took out a lime .
the person placed a lime on the dish .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person sliced the lime in two .
the person placed one half of the lime on the juicer .
juiced one half of the lime .
the person placed the slice back on the dish .
the person juiced the other half of the lime .
the person came to the kitchen .
the person took a bowl with a squeezer from the rack .
the person placed on the table .
the person went towards the fridge .
the person collected an orange in a plate .
the person cut the orange in the middle to get into two pieces .
the person took a half portion of the orange , he squeezed over the apparatus made for preparing juice .
the person did the squeezing with the second half of the orange .
the person gave much force to squeeze completely from the slice of orange to get complete juice from it .
the person kept all the remaining portion of the orange in a plate as a wastage .
the person checked the quantity of juice as obtained from his squeezing of the orange .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a juicer and plate , and a lime from the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife , .
the person cut the lime in half .
juiced one half with the juicer .
the person was finished , he juiced the other half of the lime , .
the person pushed the juicer forward .
the person stepped into a kitchen .
the person took out a reamer from under the counter .
the person placed the utensil on the counter .
the person took a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the plate down on the counter .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person put the lime on the plate .
the person used a small knife to cut the lime in half .
the person squeezed the halves of the lime with the reamer .
the person laid the peels on the plate .
the person got a juicer from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a lime from a refrigerator .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half with the knife .
the person juiced the lime on the juicer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a juicer from a drawer .
the person put a juicer on the counter .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a lime .
the person put the lime on the plate .
the person took the lime and the plate .
the person put the lime and the plate the juicer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced both half of the limes .
the person took out a juicer .
the person took out a package of limes from the refrigerator .
the person took one lime from the package , .
the person replaced the rest of limes , .
the person carried the lime on a plate to the counter .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the first half of the lime thoroughly .
the person repeated with the second lime .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person first removed a manual juicer from a drawer , a plate from the cupboard , a lime from the fridge .
the person carried over to the counter .
the person used to cut the lime in half .
the person used the manual juicer to extract the juice from the lime , .
by pressing the lime against the juicer and turning the lime in a circular back-and-forth motion .
the person checked the contents of the juicer by lifting the lid , .
the person pushed the juicer forward slightly along the counter .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a squeezer out of the drawer .
the person put a squeezer on the counter .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a lime out of the fridge .
the person put a lime on the plate .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half and left one half on the plate .
the person took half of the lime .
the person squeezed half of the lime using the juice squeezer .
the person put the used lime on the plate .
the person lifted the top of the squeezer to see the juice .
the person got a juicer from the drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a lime from the refrigerator .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced half of the lime .
the person juiced the other half of the lime .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person set out a juicer from the drawer .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person placed the lime on the plate .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the halves of the lime on the juicer .
the person placed the lime halved back on the plate .
the person lifted the strainer from the juicer briefly , .
the person pushed the juicer forward .
the person took a juicer out of the drawer .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person placed a lime on the plate .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person manually juiced each half of the lime .
the person took a juicer out from under the counter , .
a plate from the cupboard .
the person took a lime out from the fridge .
the person put a lime on the plate .
the person walked the lime on the plate over to the counter .
the person took a knife out from the drawer under the counter .
the person cut the lime in half , .
juiced each half of the lime thoroughly .
the person slid the juicer and the juice a bit forward .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a juicer .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a small plate .
the person went to the refrigerator , .
the person took out a package of limes , .
the person removed one lime .
the person placed one lime on the plate .
the person walked over to the juicer .
the person set the plate to the juicer .
the person took a knife from the drawer , .
the person sliced the lime almost perfectly in half .
the person thoroughly squeezed one half of the lime and the other .
the person checked the juice upon completion .
the person set the juicer aside .
the person took a lime juicer out of a drawer .
the person placed a lime juicer on a countertop .
the person took a plate out of a cabinet .
the person paced a plate on the countertop .
the person took a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person put a lime on the plate .
the person took a knife out of a drawer .
the person used a knife to cut the lime in half .
the person used the juicer to squeeze the juice out of each half .
the person took out a juicer .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person took out a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person juiced the kiwi on the juicer .
the person got a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person got large green beans out of the refrigerator .
the person got a knife out of another drawer .
the person laid the beans to each other .
the person sliced the ends off .
the person sliced the beans into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got some beans .
the person got a knife , .
the person washed the beans .
the person carefully cut the ends from the beans .
the person lined the beans up .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took out a handful of beans from the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the beans in the sink .
the person sliced the ends off each bean .
the person sliced the beans into small pieces .
the person took out a cutting board , beans from the fridge , and a knife .
the person rinsed the beans under the faucet .
the person very conscientiously removed the ends of the beans .
the person threw the ends away .
the person rinsed his fingers , .
the person began slicing the beans .
the person used a knife much too large chopped all of the beans .
the person cleaned off the blade of his knife with his fingers .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person removed beans from the fridge .
the person washed the beans .
the person chopped the ends off the beans .
the person disposed of the ends .
the person finely diced the beans .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person took four bean pods from the fridge .
the person rinsed the beans in the sink .
the person cut the tips off of the beans .
the person threw the tips into the trash bin .
the person gathered the beans .
the person sliced the beans with the knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , a handful of beans and a knife .
the person washed the beans in the sink .
the person cut the stemmed off of the beans , .
the person threw the stemmed away .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person grabbed four long green beans .
the person rinsed the beans in the sink .
the person placed the beans on the cutting board .
the person used to knife to cut the stem from the beans .
the person sliced the beans into fine pieces .
the person looked towards someone off-camera .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took cutter board from cooktop cabinet drawer .
the person kept the board in cooktop .
the person moved to refrigerator .
the person picked green beans from the refrigerator .
the person washed the beans thoroughly .
the person drained the water from beans .
the person placed the beans in cutter board .
the person used a paring knife to snip the ends off the beans .
the person chopped the beans into thin strips .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took four long beans out of the refrigerator .
the person washed four long beans well .
the person cut the edges off both sides of the beans .
the person held all the four beans together .
the person chopped the four beans into around half a centimeter wide pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a wooden cutting board from a drawer , .
the person placed a wooden cutting board on the counter , .
the person removed four bean pods from the refrigerator , .
the person removed a knife from a drawer , .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board , .
the person took the pods to the sink , .
the person rinsed the pods under the faucet .
the person shook the excess water off of the pods , .
the person opened the trash can in preparation to receive the waste parts of the plant , .
the person placed the pods on the cutting board .
the person cut off the very tip of each pod , one at a time , .
the person turned each pod around , .
the person cut off the other tip of each pod one at a time .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board , .
the person gathered the cut-off pod tips , .
the person threw the cut-off pod tips in the trash .
the person closed the trash can , .
the person rinsed his hands under the faucet , .
the person returned to the cutting board , .
the person stacked the pods together , .
the person sliced the pods thinly crosswise , all four at a time .
the person scraped the pieces of vegetable off of the knife blade by hand , .
the person scraped the pieces on the cutting board into a neat pile with the knife , .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got some snap peas .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the snap peas in the sink .
the person placed the snap peas on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off each snap pea .
the person threw away the ends .
the person began slicing the snap peas into small pieces .
the person came .
the person took pad from drawer .
the person took beans from refrigerator .
the person took a knife from drawer .
the person washed beans with water .
the person put the beans on pad .
the person cut the beans corners with knife .
the cutting the beans corners the person through that waste in last drawer .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut beans into very small pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person rinsed the beans using the sink .
the person sliced the top part of the beans .
the person tossed the top parts into the garbage .
the person sliced the rest of the beans into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took some bean pods out of the refrigerator .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the beans off in the sink .
the person chopped off the stemmed .
the person threw the stemmed in the garbage .
the person chopped the beans on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person took three strings of green beans from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person set a knife on the cutting board .
the person washed the beans over the sink .
the person shook off the water .
the person put the beans on the cutting board .
the person cut off the ends .
the person took the unwanted ends .
the person threw the unwanted ends into the trash , .
the person washed his hands .
the person chopped the beans into little chunks .
the person gathered the beans together .
the person set the knife on the board .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person retrieved a chopping board from a drawer .
the person moved to a refrigerator .
the person took out some string beans .
the person had retrieved a knife from a kitchen drawer , .
the person rinsed the beans in the sink .
the person trimmed the ends off the string beans .
the person discarded the ends off the string beans into the thrash .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person moved to the chopping board .
the person carefully sliced the beans into fine pieces .
the person was done , he assembled the beans into a rough circle on the chopping board .
the person took a cutting board out from under the counter .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out four flat beans , .
the person also took a knife out from under the counter .
the person rinsed the flat beans under running water .
the person cut the ends off of each bean .
the person tossed all the bean ended into the trash .
the person sliced all of the beans into small pieces .
the person gathered the beans into a little pile in the middle of the cutting board .
the person was done , he put the knife down .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a chopping board .
the person went to the fridge .
the person removed a handful of long green beans .
the person took a knife from the drawer , .
the person washed the beans .
the person opened the waste bin , .
the person cut off the ends of each bean , .
the person threw the ends into the bin .
the person lined the beans up together .
the person cut the beans into neat small slices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out .
the person got some beans from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person washed the beans .
the person opened the trash can .
the person sliced off the tips of the beans .
the person threw the tips away .
the person diced the beans into tiny pieces .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person placed a knife onto a counter .
the person also placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person grabbed a cucumber from the fridge , .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person used a peeler .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a bowl .
the person placed the cucumber sliced into the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person entered his kitchen .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person took a cucumber out of his fridge .
the person cut the cucumber in half on the cutting board .
the person began peeling the cumber into a metal bowl .
the person peeled the outer layer , he chopped up the remaining inner part into fine chunks .
the person added these smaller chunks to a larger metal bowl .
the person repeated both of these steps with the other half of the cucumber .
the person finished , he washed the cutting board .
the person put away the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a knife , vegetable peeler , and cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person started peeling the cucumber .
the person decided to get out a small bowl .
the person collected the peels in the bowl .
the person continued peeling one half of the cucumber .
the person sliced the end off the cucumber half .
the person sliced the peeled cucumber .
the person diced the peeled cucumber into small pieces .
the person pulled another bowl from the drawer .
the person put the diced cucumber into the bowl .
the person repeated the peeling and dicing process with the second cucumber half , though much faster this time .
the person added the additional cucumber to the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away in the drawer .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , peeler , cutting board , and cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink , .
the person cut in in half .
the person took out a bowl , .
the person peeled the skin off of one half of the cucumber over the bowl .
the person sliced the peeled half into thin pieces .
the person diced the pieces by quartering them .
the person took out another bowl .
the person put the pieces into the new bowl , .
the person peeled the other cucumber half .
the person sliced the second half .
the person diced the second half , .
the person put the pieces into the bowl as well .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board , peeler and a knife from the drawer .
the person removed cucumber from the fridge .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person removed a bowl from the drawer .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person removed a larger bowl from the drawer .
the person placed the cucumber into the bowl .
the person peeled the second half of the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber in the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board back into the drawer .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a knife , a peeler , a bowl and a cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person started to peel the cucumber the skins into the bowl .
the person cut the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person removed another bowl from the drawer .
the person placed the chopped cucumber pieces into the second bowl .
the person peeled the second half of the cucumber .
the person sliced the second half of the cucumber .
the person poured the pieces into the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person returned the cutting board to the drawer .
the person removed a knife , peeler , and cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person peeled one half of the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into many pieces .
the person took out a bowl .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person peeled the other half of the cucumber .
the person sliced this half into many pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board in the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a knife , peeler tool and cutting board from drawers .
the person placed all of a knife , peeler tool and cutting board on the counter .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed the cucumber with his hand under a running water faucet in the sink .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person cut the cucumber across the cucumbers width into two pieces of equal size .
the person used the peeler tool to shave off the outer skin of both cucumber halves .
the person removed the dark green skin .
the person moved the tool lengthwise along the cucumber surface , .
part way through the peeling process , the person placed a bowl on the counter to collect the peeled skin .
the person placed the peeled cucumber on the cutting board .
the person cut the peeled cucumber into circular slices about one half inch thick .
the person diced each cucumber slice into smaller cube-shaped pieces .
the person placed a larger bowl on the counter .
into a large bowl the person placed the cucumber cubed as he cut them .
the person stacked several slices .
the person cut downward several times through the entire stack .
the cutting was finished , the person rinsed off the cutting board in the sink .
the person dried the cutting board with a towel , .
the person returned the cutting board to the drawer .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a knife , a vegetable peeler , and a cutting board .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person washed a cucumber in the sink .
the person laid the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person chopped the cucumber in half with the knife .
the person picked up the peeler .
the person began to peel one half lengthways .
the person stopped to take out a small bowl to put the peels in .
the person continued peeling until the entire half cucumber was peeled , .
the person cut off the end .
the person laid the peeled half on the cutting board .
the person sliced the peeled half into thin rounds .
the person stacked several rounds at a time .
the person diced several rounds into small cubes .
the person put the diced cucumber in a metal bowl .
the person began to peel the second cucumber half .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a peeler and small cutting board out of the drawer .
the person pulled the cucumber out of the fridge .
the person rinsed the cucumber using the sink .
the person sliced the cumber in half .
the person peeled the cucumber using the peeler .
the person placed the cucumber skins into the bowl .
the person sliced the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person sliced the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person placed the cucumber pieces into the silver bowl .
the person peeled the second half of the cucumber .
the person sliced the second half of the cucumber .
the person placed the rest of the cucumber pieces into the bowl .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person started to look in the drawers .
the person pulled out a small assortment of utilities .
the person started to peel a cucumber placing the peel into a small bowl .
once the person was finished with that he began slicing the cucumber into small thin slices .
the person began cutting those thin slices in half .
the person placed all of these into a larger bowl .
the person proceeded to do the exact same thing with another cucumber .
the person placed the components into their respective bowled .
the person washed off his cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board back into the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person took a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person took a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the cucumber with the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person set the knife on the counter .
slow got a peeler out .
the person set the peeler on the counter .
the person set a cutting board beside the peeler .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got a cucumber out .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
on the board the person cut the cucumber in half , .
the person peeled half of the cucumber .
the person got out a bowl .
the person put the peel in the bowl as he worked .
the person continued peeling the cucumber .
the person peeled the half cucumber , he cut it into pieces ion the board .
the person put the pieces in a bowl .
the person repeated the procedure with the second half .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person put the board away .
the person got a knife , a cutting board , and a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person got a cucumber from a refrigerator .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person peeled the cucumber with the vegetable peeler .
the person got a metal bowl from the drawer .
the person put the peels in the metal bowl .
the person sliced the cucumber with the knife .
the person got another metal bowl from the drawer .
the person put the sliced cucumber in the metal bowl .
the person peeled the other half of the cucumber into the small bowl .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person chopped the cucumber .
the person put the sliced cucumber into the larger metal bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person started to look in the drawers .
the person took a knife and a cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed cucumber from the fridge .
the person removed a cucumber from the fridge .
the person took a cucumber out of his fridge .
the person took a cucumber out of the fridge .
the person took a cucumber .
the person took a bowl from the drawer .
the person peeled the skin of cucumber with a scrapper .
the person cut the cucumber into round pieces .
the person chopped finely .
the person took a big vessel .
the person transferred the cut pieces to the bowl .
the person did the same with the other half of cucumber .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person kept the board back to the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person peeled one half of the cucumber with the peeler .
the person thinly sliced the peeled cucumber .
the person diced each of the slices of cucumber .
the person put the diced cucumber into a bowl .
the person peeled the other half of the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person diced each of the slices .
the person put the slices in the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a knife and peeler out of the drawer .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut one half of the cucumber .
the person peeled one half of the cucumber .
the person cleaned up cucumber shavings .
the person sliced the cucumber into small rounds .
the person diced the small rounds .
the person placed the diced cucumbers in a bowl .
the person prepared the second half of the cucumber in the same manor .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person took a knife , peeler , and cutting board out of drawers .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a cucumber off .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person began to peel a half .
the person took a metal bowl out of a drawer .
the person peeled the cucumber skins into the bowl .
the person cut the first cucumber half into pieces .
the person took out a large metal bowl .
the person put the cucumber pieces inside a large metal bowl .
the person repeated the whole process with the other half of the cucumber .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person got a cutting board from under the cabinet and a cucumber from the fridge .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person used the peeler to peel the skin off half the cucumber into a bowl .
the person put the peeled cucumber half onto the cutting board .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person diced the slices into small pieces .
the person got a bowl from under the counter .
the person put the diced pieces of cucumber into a bowl .
the person continued to dice the cucumber .
the person put the pieces into the bowl .
the person peeled the other half of the cucumber .
the person diced the other half of the cucumber into small pieces .
the person put the pieces into the bowl with the other diced cucumber .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took the knife out .
the person moved to the refrigerator .
the person moved to the refrigerator .
the person took cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person removed cucumber from the fridge .
the person removed a cucumber from the fridge .
the person took a cucumber out of his fridge .
the person took a cucumber out of the fridge .
the person took a cucumber .
the person took a cucumber .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person took cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person cut one half of the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person cut the cucumber into two halves .
the person peeled the skin of cucumber .
the person took a small container from the drawer .
the person peeled the skin of cucumber in such a way that all the wastes were collected in the container .
the person cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person transfered these cut pieces into another container .
similarly the person peeled the other half .
the person cut into slices .
the person washed the cutter board .
the person wiped the cutter board .
the person placed back into the drawer .
the person got a hand hand juicer from a drawer .
the person got a lime from a refrigerator .
the person got a small knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced one half of the lime on the juicer .
the person juiced the other half of the lime on the juicer .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person removed a juicer from a drawer .
the person retrieved a lime from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the limes on the juicer .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person grabbed a lemon squeezer .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the lime in halves .
the person slowly juiced the lime with both hands individually .
the person squeezed the lime with his bare hands .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took a juicer and a lime from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and a cutting board .
the person sliced the lime in to two half .
the person squeezed limejuice from both half of the lime using the juicer .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person placed a juicer on the counter .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a lime .
the person shut the refrigerator .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person sliced the lime in half on the cutting board .
the person squeezed both slices over the juicer .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person grabed a squeezer .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a green lemon .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person took a trencher from another drawer .
the person cut the lemon in two .
the person took one half of the lemon .
the person squeezed one half of the lemon on the squeezer .
the person took the other half of the lemon .
the person squeezed the other half of the lemon .
the person took the other half .
the person washed his hands .
the person pulled out a small hand juicer .
the person retrieved a lime from the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person cut the lime in two .
the person put one half aside , .
the person squeezed the other half in the juicer .
the person pressed the other half into the juicer .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a wooden cutting board .
the person cut a lime horizontally .
the person started squeezing the juice out of the lime .
the person slowly juiced the lime with both hands individually .
the person washed his hands , .
the person picked up one half of the lime .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer below the kitchen top .
the person took out a citrus juicer from the drawer .
the person opened the nearest cabinet behind his to take out one lime .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a kitchen knife and a circular cutting board .
the person chopped the lime into two near equal parts on the board .
the person proceeded to repeatedly press and turn one part of the fruit over the juicer .
the person once again used both his hands and squeezed each half of the fruit on the juicer .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got got out a manual juicer from the cabinet .
the person went to the fridge .
the person chose a lime .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person got a small cutting board from the cabinet .
the person cut the lime in half with the knife .
the person juiced half of the lime with the juicer .
the person juiced the other half of the lime .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person pulled out a white juicer first from a drawer underneath the counter top .
the person proceeded to the refrigerator .
from the refrigerator the person pulled out a single lime .
the person searched for a knife and cutting board .
the person halved the lime .
person took one of the lime halves .
the person centered the fleshy face over the pinnacle of the white juicer .
the person depressed the lime over the center spike he twisted the lime .
the person picked up the other lime .
the person squeezed the lime with both hands to get all of the juice out .
the person set the second lime down .
the person picked up the first lime half .
the person squeezed that lime half with both hands over the juicer 's bowl .
the person set the lime halved down , .
the person washed his hands , .
the person inspected a lime one last time .
the person took out a juice .
the person placed a juice onto the counter .
the person grabbed a lime from the refrigerator , .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the lime in half , .
juiced each half of the lime .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a manual juicer out of the drawer .
the person took a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person ground one half of the lime on the juicer to squeeze out the juice .
the person juiced the other half of the lime .
the person squeezed the first half again .
the person washed his hands .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a juicer , .
from the fridge , the person took out a lime .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife .
the person placed the lime on the cutting board .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person took one half of the lime .
juiced one half of the lime on the plastic juicer .
the person repeated the juicing with the second half of the lime .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person walked in to a kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a juicer .
the person walked to the fridge .
the person got a lime .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from two different drawers .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person began using the the juicer to extract juice from the lime .
the person tried the first half .
quickly switched to the second the lime half .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer to pull out a manual juicer , .
the person proceeded to walk to the refrigerator to acquire a lime .
the person opened the drawer a second time to pull out a circular cutting board and knife .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person proceeded to grind the lime on the manual juicer .
the person finished grinding the lime .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a juicer , cutting board , and knife from under the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a lime .
the person cut the lime in half on the cutting board .
juiced each half with the juicer .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person took a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person placed a juicer on the counter .
the person took one lime from the refrigerator .
the person brought one lime to the counter .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person repeatedly twisted one half of the lime on the juicer .
the person put one half of the lime on the cuttingboard .
the person picked up the scond half of the lime .
the person juiced the second half of the lime .
the person picked up the first half again .
the person continued squeezing the first half of the lime over the juicer .
the person washed his hands .
the person picked up the lime .
the person looked at the lime .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person ground the first lime half on the juicer .
the person ground the other slice on the juicer .
the person rinsed his hands off .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a juicer , lime , knife and cutting board .
the person cut the lime in half , .
juiced one side of the lime .
the person juiced the other side of the lime .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a juicer , .
the person went to the fridge to get a lime .
the person opened the drawer again to get a knife .
the person opened a second drawer .
the person got a cutting board .
the person sliced the lime in half , .
the person squeezed the juice out of one half , using the juicer .
the person squeezed the second half , .
the person picked up the first half .
the person squeezed the first half more .
the person put the lime down .
the person shook his hands .
the person walked over to the sink , .
the person rinsed his hands , .
the person picked up half of the lime again .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a knife and a cutting board from the drawers .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person pressed each half of the lime firmly onto the juicer .
the person twisted each half of the lime on the juicer .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out the coffee maker .
the person got out the coffee and filters , .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person poured the water in the maker .
the person placed the filter and coffee in the maker .
the person brewed the coffee , .
the person got out a cup .
the person placed a cup on the counter .
the person placed sugar in the cup .
the person placed the sugar back in the cabinet .
the person poured the coffee in the cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the coffee maker from the cabinet .
the person got a filter and coffee from the pantry .
the person took the sugar from the pantry .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the reservoir of the coffee maker .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the reservoir of the coffee maker .
the person put the filter in the coffee maker .
the person put two scooped of coffee into the filter .
the person got a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person spooned some sugar into the cup .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person collected all his items , a coffee maker , a box of coffee filters , and a can of ground coffee .
the person plugged in the coffee machine .
the person rinsed the coffee pot .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the back of the coffee machine .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the back of the coffee machine .
the person returned the pot to the pot 's place in the machine .
the person put a filter in the coffee machine .
the person scooped the ground coffee from the can .
the person put the ground coffee in the coffee filter .
the person put the can of coffee back in the cupboard where he got the can .
the person came into a kitchen , .
the person took a coffee maker from a cabinet .
the person put a coffee maker on the counter .
the person removed coffee , filters and sugar from a cabinet .
the person put the coffee , filters and sugar on the counter .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person rinsed the pot .
put water in the maker .
the person put the filter in .
the person added coffee .
the person started the coffee maker .
the person put everything back in the cabinets .
the person got a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the cup .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
put sugar in the cup .
the person added coffee .
the person stirred the coffee up .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a coffee machine out of the bottom drawer .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took the coffee , coffee filter and sugar out the cabinet .
the person lifted the outlet .
the person plugged in the coffee machine .
the person rinsed the coffee pot , .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person dried the bottom of the pot .
the person put the pot back in the machine .
the person took a coffee filter out .
the person put a coffee filter in the top part of the coffee maker .
the person opened the coffee can .
the person put two scooped of coffee into the filter .
the person closed the coffee can .
the person pressed the start button on the coffee machine .
the person put the coffee and filters back in the cabinet .
the person took a cup and saucer out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed the cup .
the person dried the cup with a towel .
the person put a spoonful of sugar in the cup .
the person put the sugar back in the cupboard .
the person unplugged the coffee machine .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person removed a coffee maker from the cabinet .
the person retrieved coffee , coffee filters and sugar from a cabinet , .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person put water in the coffee maker .
the person placed a coffee filter in the coffee maker .
the person filled a coffee filter with coffee .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person got a cup and saucer from a cabinet .
the person put some sugar in the cup .
the person poured the coffee in the cup .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person took a coffee maker out of the cabinet .
the person took coffee out of the cabinet .
the person took sugar out of the cabinet .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person washed the coffee pot .
the person put water in the coffee pot .
the person poured the water into the coffee maker .
the person put water in the coffee pot .
the person poured the water into the coffee maker .
the person put a filter into the coffee maker .
the person added coffee to the coffee maker .
the person put away the extra material .
the person took a cup from the cabinet .
the person washed the cup .
the person took a spoon from the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker from under the counter .
the person got some coffee , filters and sugar from the pantry .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person used the coffee pot to fill the coffee maker with water .
the person inserted a filter .
the person added some coffee .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person put away the leftover coffee and filters .
the person got a coffee cup and saucer from the pantry .
the person added some sugar to the cup .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person unplugged the coffee machine .
the person poured the coffee .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a coffee machine out of the drawer .
the person grabbed coffee and sugar out of the cabinet .
the person plugged the coffee machine into the electric outlet .
the person poured water into the coffee machine using the sink .
the person placed the coffee powder into the machine .
the person grabbed a cup and small plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed sugar into the cup .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a coffee maker out of a low cabinet .
the person than got coffee , a box of filters and sugar from two other cabinets behind her .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person proceeded to clean the coffee pot .
the person filled the coffee maker with water .
the person placed a filter into the coffee maker , .
the person put two scooped of coffee into the filter .
the person also got out a coffee mug and serving dish .
the person rinsed the coffee mug .
the person dried the coffee mug .
the person got a spoon .
the person placed two scooped of sugar into the mug .
the person put away the sugar .
the person poured coffee into the mug .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person removed the coffee pot from the lower cabinet .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed the ingredients .
the person got the sugar out of the cabinet .
the person plugged up the coffee pot .
the person removed the glass coffee pot .
the person filled the glass coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the coffee container .
the person filled the glass coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the coffee container .
the person put the coffee sleeve and coffee inside of the sleeve .
the person put the ingredients back into the cabinet .
the person removed a saucer and coffee cup .
the person removed the spoon from the drawer .
put sugar in the cup .
the person returned the sugar back to the cabinet .
the person unplugged the coffee pot .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person took a coffee maker .
the person opened the shelf .
the person took coffee powder and filter sheets .
the person opened the shelf .
the person took the milk powder .
the person plugged on the coffee maker .
the person washed the collecting jar .
the person poured some water in the boiler .
the person wiped off the bottom of the collecting jar .
the person placed the collecting jar in the holder .
the person kept a filter sheet in the filter jar .
the person put two scooped of coffee powder .
the person locked the filter jar .
the person kept back the coffee powder and the filter sheet .
the person took a cup and soccer from the cup-board .
the person washed a cup also .
meanwhile the person kept back the napkin and milk powder .
the person put two spoon of milk powder .
the person was waiting for the preparation , .
the person mixed the filtered coffee with the milk powder .
the person gathered a coffee maker form drawer .
the person took a container of coffee , a box of coffee filters , and a bag of sugar from the cupboard .
the person plugged the coffee maker into an electric socket .
the person rinsed the coffee pot .
the person filled the coffee pot with some water .
the person poured the water from the coffee pot into the coffee maker .
the person filled the coffee pot with some water .
the person poured the water from the coffee pot into the coffee maker .
the person put a coffee filter into the coffee maker .
the person added two scooped of coffee grains to the coffee maker .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person returned the coffee container and coffee filters to the cupboard .
the person gathered a cup and platter from the cupboard .
the person added some sugar to the empty cup .
the person returned the sugar bag to the cupboard .
the person filled the cup with coffee from the coffee pot .
the person stirred the coffee with a spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out coffee .
the person took out sugar .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person put water into the coffee maker .
the person added a coffee filter and coffee .
the person put the coffee and filters away .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person put sugar in the cup .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person put the coffee into the cup .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person grabbed some coffee .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person filled a coffee pot with water .
the person poured water in the coffee maker .
the person filled a coffee pot with water .
the person poured water in the coffee maker .
the person dried the coffee pot off .
the person added a filter to the coffee maker .
the person added some coffee to the coffee maker .
the person placed the extra coffee back in he pantry .
the person placed a cup on a saucer .
the person placed some sugar in the cup .
the person put the rest back .
the person poured the prepared coffee in a cup .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a coffee maker out of a lower cabinet .
the person removed more items out of a upper cabinets that appeared to be food products .
the person rinsed the coffee pot .
the person cleaned the coffee pot , .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the chamber in the coffee maker , .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the chamber in the coffee maker , .
the person replaced the pot .
the person placed a coffee filter into the filter chamber of the coffee maker .
the person proceeded to replace the coffee making ingredients back into the cabinet , .
the person removed a cup and saucer from another cabinet , .
the person dried a cup .
the person removed a spoon from a drawer .
the person placed two tablespoons of sugar into the coffee cup , .
the person replaced the sugar back in the cabinet , .
the person waited on the coffee to finish .
once the coffee was finished , the person poured some into his cup , .
the person stirred the coffee , .
the person set the coffee to the side .
the person removed a coffee machine from the drawer .
the person removed coffee filters and ground coffee from the cabinet .
the person also removed sugar from the cabinet .
the person added water to the coffee machine .
the person put the coffee filter into the machine .
the person added two scooped of coffee into the filter .
the person turned the machine on .
the person put the coffee container and filters back in the cabinet .
the person removed a plate and cup from the cabinet .
the person added sugar to the cup , .
the person placed the package pack in the cabinet .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person took the coffee maker out of the cabinet .
the person took filters , coffee and sugar out of the cabinets .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person washed the coffee pot .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person filled the reservoir with the water .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person filled the reservoir with the water .
the person put the filter into the coffee maker .
the person spooned coffee grounds into the filter .
the person put the coffee and filters back in the cabinet .
the person took a cup and saucer out of the cabinet .
the person cleaned the cup .
the person put two spoons of sugar into the cup .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person got a coffee maker from a drawer .
the person got coffee and filters from a cabinet .
the person got sugar from the cabinet .
the person added water to the coffee machine .
the person added a filter to the machine .
the person put coffee into the filter .
the person put the coffee and filters away .
the person got a cup and plate from the cabinet .
the person added sugar to the empty cup .
the person added coffee to the cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a coffee pot .
the person pulled coffee filters and a coffee canister from the cabinet .
the person pulled a bag of sugar from the cabinet .
the person plugged in the coffee pot .
the person rinsed the pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person poured the water into the reservoir .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person poured the water into the reservoir .
the person dried the outside of the coffee pot .
the person put a coffee filter in the compartment .
the person added two scooped of ground coffee .
the person put the coffee and filters away the pot brewed .
the person pulled a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the cup .
the person dried the cup .
the person added sugar to the cup .
put sugar away .
the coffee was done the person poured some coffee into the cup .
the person took out a piece of cauliflower from the kitchen cabinet .
the person placed a piece of cauliflower on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and small knife .
the person cut off all the unwanted greenery surrounding the head of the cauliflower .
the person threw out the unwanted parts .
the person cut off more unwanted parts of the cauliflower .
the person threw out more unwanted parts of the cauliflower .
the person cut small pieces of the cauliflower head .
the person threw out the remaining unwanted part .
the person washed his hands .
the person placed the small pieces of cauliflower into a strainer .
the person rinsed the small pieces of cauliflower under the faucet .
the person took out a cauliflower , a big chopping board and a medium-sized knife .
the person cut off all the stalk and leaved around the cauliflower .
the person threw all this waste into the dustbin .
the person cut off the base of the cauliflower completely .
the person made small cut into the cauliflower .
in this manner , the person cut up a medium-sized cauliflower into around ten big florets .
thereby breaking the cauliflower into big florets .
the person put the florets into a colander .
the person rinsed the florets under the tap .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person took out a cauliflower plant from the pantry .
the person rummaged through a cabinet .
the person took out a chopping board .
the person also took a paring knife from a kitchen drawer .
the person used the knife to separate the outer stemmed and leaved from the main cauliflower plant .
the person was done , he discarded the stemmed and leaved into the thrash .
the person trimmed any lingering leaves .
the person used his hands and the paring knife to break off pieces of the cauliflower .
the person was done , he washed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person retrieved a colander .
the person placed a colander on the counter .
the person transferred the cauliflower into the colander , .
the person moved a colander to the sink .
the person finished off by thoroughly rinsing out the cauliflower .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a head of cauliflower from the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person retrieved a knife .
the person trimmed away the outer leaves of the cauliflower .
the person discarded the leaves into the waste bin .
the person cut away the stalk .
the person discarded the stalk along with remaining leaves .
the person sliced the cauliflower head .
the person broke the cauliflower head into smaller florets .
the person discarded the remaining stem and trimmings .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person took a colander from the drawer .
the person put the florets in the colander .
the person rinsed the florets in the sink .
the person removed cauliflower from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut off the outside leaves of the cauliflower .
the person threw the leaves into the garbage .
the person cut the bottom of the cauliflower .
the person threw the bottom of the cauliflower in the garbage .
the person cut the cauliflower into individual pieces .
the person removed a strainer from the drawer .
the person placed the cauliflower in the strainer .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person retrived the cauliflower out of the cupboard .
the person got out a knife and cutting board .
the person removed the outer leaves from the cauliflower .
the person threw the outer leaves away in the trash .
the person cut up the cauliflower .
the person threw out the trash .
the person got a strainer from the drawer .
the person put the cauliflower in the strainer .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person took out some cauliflower .
the person put some cauliflower on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person removed the leaves from the cauliflower head with the knife .
the person was done , he put the cauliflower to the side .
the person threw the leaves in the garbage .
the person finished cleaning the head of cauliflower .
the person began to cut the head of cauliflower into pieces .
the person cut off all the cauliflower florets , .
the person threw the stem into the garbage .
the person took a strainer from the drawer .
the person put the cauliflower in a strainer .
the person turned on the sink .
the person rinsed the cauliflower .
the person retrieved a head of cauliflower from the pantry .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person used the knife to cut the leaves .
the person removed the leaves from the cauliflower .
once the cauliflower was bare , the person threw the leaves into the trash .
the person used the knife and his hands to break chunks off of the cauliflower .
the person washed his hands in the sink , .
the person took out a colander .
the person finished by washing the cauliflower chunks in a colander .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a head of cauliflower , cutting board and knife .
the person removed the leaves of the cauliflower , to expose the main portion .
the person threw out the leaves , .
the person cut off the root of the head .
the person cut off individual heads of the cauliflower .
the person threw out the remaining portion of the root .
the person took out a bowl .
the person placed the pieces in a bowl , .
the person washed the pieces in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cauliflower from the pantry .
from under the counter the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person threw the leaves away .
the person cut the bottom off the cauliflower .
and threw the bottom away as well .
the person cut off medium sized pieces of the cauliflower .
the person threw away a few bad pieces of the cauliflower .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got a colander from under the sink .
the person put the cauliflower in a colander .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cauliflower from the cabinet .
the person set a cauliflower on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person set a knife on the counter .
the person walked over to the pantry .
the person removed cauliflower .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person placed the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person chopped away the outer layer .
the person removed the outer layer completely .
the person tossed the outer in the trash can .
the person sliced off the stem of the cauliflower .
the person tossed the stem in the trash can .
the person sliced up the cauliflower .
the person opened a drawer up .
the person removed a pot .
the person placed the cauliflower in a pot .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got a head of cauliflower from a cabinet .
the person placed the cauliflower on the counter .
the person laid a cutting board to the cauliflower .
the person placed a knife and the cauliflower on the board .
the person removed the cauliflower leaved with the knife and his hands .
the person threw the leaves into the trash .
the person used the knife and his hands , he divided the cauliflower into chunks .
the person put the chunks in a pasta drainer .
the person rinsed the chunks in the sink .
the person got a cauliflower from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person put the leaves in a trash can .
the person cut the stem from the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into small chunks .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person got a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person put the cauliflower in the bowl .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a cauliflower from shelf .
the the person took a pad and knife from the drawer .
the person removed cauliflower leafs from the cauliflower using knife .
the person thrown all the waste into drawer .
the person did cut cauliflower into pieces .
the person cleaned his hands with water .
the person wiped his hands with cloth .
the person took a vessel from drawer .
the person did put cut pieces of cauliflower into vessel .
the person purred water into vessel .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed cauliflower out the cabinet .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person ripped off the outer layers of the cauliflower .
the person sliced the outer layers of the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower .
the person ripped apart the cauliflower into little pieces .
the person put the cauliflower into a big silver bowl .
the person poured water into the bowl using the sink .
the person removed cauliflower from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed the outer leaves from the cauliflower .
the person broke apart the cauliflower .
the person placed the cauliflower in a bowl .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person entered into the clean kitchen .
the person took a cauliflower from last cabinet .
the person took out a chopper board from trolly .
the person kept a chopping board on the platform .
the person took out a knife from drawer .
the person kept a knife on platform .
the person removed all the outer leaves of the cauliflower using knife .
the person thrown the outer leaves of the cauliflower into the dustbin .
the person removed the stem and remaining waste part of cauliflower .
the person thrown the stem and remaining waste part of cauliflower into dustbin .
the person cut the cauliflower into florets using knife and his hands .
again the person threw some waste part into dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person closed the tap .
the person wiped his hands using napkin .
the person took a steel colander from drawer .
the person placed all florets in a steel colander .
the person washed the florets under running water .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a fresh cauliflower , large knife , and cutting board .
the person meticulously cut off the leaves of the cauliflower .
the person dumped the leaves of the cauliflower into the garbage can .
the person cut off the stem of the cauliflower .
the person threw the stem away .
the person peeled off a few excess leaves , .
the person threw a few excess leaves and a few more blemishes away .
the person examined the bottom , .
the person cut off a few more blemishes , .
the person cut the cauliflower into florets .
occasionally , the person pulled out the florets with his hands .
the person cut off any remaining excess stemmed .
the person threw any remaining excess stemmed in the garbage .
the person took out a metal bowl/strainer , .
the person placed the cauliflower florets in a metal bowl/strainer , .
the person washed the cauliflower florets in the sink .
the person took a cauliflower from a cupboard .
the person took a large chopping board and a knife from under the kitchen counter .
the person pulled all the leaves .
the person cut off all the leaves , .
the person threw all the leaves into a waste bin .
the person cut off the stem .
the person disposed off the stem .
the person cut off segments from the cauliflower , .
the person discarded the center part .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person put the pieces into a colendar .
the person washed the pieces .
the person removed a glass measuring cup from the drawer .
the person filled a glass measuring cup with water from the sink .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out one egg .
the person placed the egg into the water .
the person took the egg out again .
the person placed the egg on the counter .
the person dried his hands .
the person grabbed two cups from the cupboard .
the person cracked the egg over one cup .
the person shifted the egg in its shell and removed the egg whites into one cup .
the person removed the egg whites into one cup .
the person dumped the egg yolk into the empty cup .
the person threw the egg shells into the trash .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person took one egg out of refrigerator .
the person dunked the egg in the water .
the person cracked the egg .
the person carefully ensured no shell fell into the cup .
the person separated the yolk from the white part .
the person threw the shell in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a measuring cup from under the counter .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person got two small cups from the pantry .
the person separated the yolk and white of the egg into two small cups .
the person threw away the egg shell .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a small measure pitcher from a drawer .
the person filled the pitcher with water .
the person grabbed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person dipped the egg in the water .
the person placed the egg on the counter .
the person grabbed two cups from a cabinet .
the person cracked the egg on the corner of a cup .
the person separated the egg white from the yolk by switching the yolk from each shell half .
the person switched the yolk the white would spill inside the cup .
the person placed the yolk in the other cup .
the person retrieved a measuring cup , .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person placed the egg into the measuring cup , .
the person removed the egg .
the person got two mugs from the cupboard .
the person cracked the egg on one cup , .
the person began to pour the egg white into the cup .
the person carefully poured all of the egg white into the first mug , .
the person placed the yolk into the second .
the person threw away the egg shell .
the person took a measuring cup out from under the counter .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person got an egg out of the fridge , .
the person dropped an egg in the measuring cup .
the person picked an egg out immediately , .
the person dried his hands .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got two small cups .
the person cracked the egg into one cup .
the person separated the white from the yolk .
the person poured the egg back and forth from each eggshell half .
the person poured the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person threw away the eggshells .
the person get a big cup from the drawer .
the person filled the cup with water .
the person got one egg from the fridge .
the person tested the egg by dropping it into the water in the cup .
the person put the egg on the counter .
the person got two small cups from the cabinet .
the person cracked the egg on a cup .
the person separated the yolk from the white .
the person did this by passing the yolk between the egg shell halves , .
the person let the white fall into the cup that he cracked it on .
the person put the yolk into the remaining cup .
the person threw the egg shells away .
the person retrieved a glass measuring cup from a cabinet .
the person filled a glass measuring cup with tap water .
from the refrigerator , the person picked an egg .
the person placed an egg into the water .
the person determined that the egg had not gone bad .
the person took the egg out .
the person dried his hands on a kitchen towel , .
the person searched for two cups .
the person broke the egg carefully in half .
the person transferred the yolk back and forth between the two pieces of shell over one cup .
the person finished separating the egg whites .
the person poured the yolk into the other cup .
the person tossed the shells into the garbage .
the person presented the two cups .
the person got a measuring cup from a drawer .
the person put water in the cup .
the person got an egg from a refrigerator .
the person put the egg in the measuring cup .
the person got two cups from a cabinet .
the person separated the egg whites into one cup using the shell .
the person put the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person put the egg shell in a trash can .
the person took out a glass beaker .
the person filled a glass beaker up three-fourths with water .
the person put a brown egg into a glass beaker .
however , the person decided to take a brown egg out .
the person took out two coffee mugs .
the person cracked the egg shell by tapping it on the rim of one of the mugs .
the person let all the egg white flow into the mug .
the person kept shifting the yolk from one half of the egg shell to another , .
the person ensured that all the egg white flowed into the cup .
the person was left with just the egg yolk .
the person put this yolk into the other empty mug .
the person took a pitcher out of the drawer .
the person filed the pitcher with water .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person put an egg in the pitcher .
the person took two teacups out of the pantry .
the person cracked the egg on one of the teacups .
the person poured the egg white into one of the teacups .
the person put the yolk in the other .
the person threw the shell in the trash .
the person removed a measuring cup from the drawer .
the person filled the cup with water .
the person removed an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person placed the egg in the water , .
the person took the egg out .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person removed two small cups out of the cabinet .
the person cracked the egg on one cup .
the person put the egg whites in the cup .
the person put the yolk in the other cup .
the person threw out the egg shell .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a measuring cup .
the person filled the measuring cup with water .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an egg .
the person dunked the egg in the water .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out two glasses .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the egg-white from the egg-yolk .
the person put the egg-white in one glass .
the person put the egg-yolk in the other .
the person disposed of the egg shell .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a measuring cup .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person took out an egg from the refrigerator .
the person dunked an egg in the cup to wash an egg .
the person took out two cups .
the person cracked the egg over one cup , .
the person kept the yolk in the shell to only place the whites in the cup .
once the person separated the egg , .
the person placed the yolk in the other cup , .
the person threw out the shell .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a glass measuring cup .
the person filled the cup with water from the faucet .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person set the egg in the measuring cup .
the person got the egg from the measuring cup .
the person set the egg down by the glass measuring cup .
the person turned .
the person dried his hands on a hanging towel .
the person got two tea mugs from the cabinet .
the person set the mugs on the counter by the glass measuring cup .
the person cracked the egg over one cup .
the person used the shell to separate the yolk from the white .
the person dumped the yolk in the other mug .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a measuring cup out of a drawer .
the person went to the sink .
the person filled the cup with water .
the person took an egg out of the fridge .
the person placed an egg in the water .
the person took an egg out of the water .
the person pulled two mugs out of a cabinet .
the person put two mugs on the counter .
the person cracked the egg over one of the mugs .
the person used the shell halves to separate the yolk and egg white .
the person drained the egg white into one mug as he worked .
the person emptied the yolk into the other mug .
the person threw the shells away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a measuring cup from the drawer .
the person closed the drawer , .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person turned the sink on .
the person filled the cup with water in the sink .
the person turned off the sink .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed an egg .
the person dipped the egg in the water , .
the person set the egg down .
the person walked over to the cabinet , .
the person got out two cups .
the person allowed the white of the egg to fall into one cup .
the person placed the yolk in the other cup .
the person tossed the shells in the trash .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person placed water into a big glass .
the person grabbed an egg out the fridge .
the person placed the egg in the cup to see if it was still good .
the person grabbed two white cups out the cabinet .
the person cracked egg .
the person placed the egg white into one cup .
the person placed the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a measuring cup from the cabinet .
the person filled a measuring cup halfway with water .
the person placed the measuring cup on the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got an egg .
the person dropped the egg in the water .
the egg sank so the person was satisfied it was fresh .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got two mugs .
the person cracked the egg on the side of one of the mugs .
the person used the shell to keep the yolk out of the mug below .
the person placed the yolk in the other mug .
the person threw away the shell .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a measuring cup .
the person put water into the cup .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person dipped the egg in the water .
the person placed the egg on the counter .
the person went to the cabinets .
the person brought out two cups .
the person separated the egg over one of the cups .
the person put the yolk in the other .
the person walked into kitchen .
the person picked up a pomegranate .
the person picked up a bowl and a knife .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut off the pomegranate head .
the person sliced open the pomegranate .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed the quarters of pomegranate on a cutting board .
the person removed the seeds in to the bowl .
the person removed seeds from all the pieces .
the person out the skin into the sink .
the person threw all the trash into the dustbin .
the person picked up the skins from the sink .
the person threw the skins into dustbin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected an onion , a bowl and a small knife .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person sliced the bottom and top skin from the onion over the sink .
the person cut slices into the onion from the outside .
the person stopped at the core in four places around the onion .
the person used his hands to separate the onion into four pieces .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person placed three slices on the board .
the person used his fingers to remove the seeds from one onion slice .
the person put the seeds into the bowl .
the person removed the seeds from each of the remaining three pieces .
the person threw away the remaining parts of the onion .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a vegetable out the fridge .
the person peeled the skin off over the sink .
the person sliced the vegetable into four pieces .
the person peeled the rest of the skin using his hands .
the person placed the vegetable seeds into a white bowl .
the person placed all the skins into the sink .
the person placed the vegetables skins into the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate from the cupboard .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet and a knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the pomegranate over the sink .
the person scored the pomegranate .
the person split the pomegranate apart .
the person placed the pomegranate in a bowl .
the person put the pomegranate on a cutting board .
the person used his hands to pick the seeds from the fruit .
the person put the seeds into the bowl .
the person picked the seeds .
the person dropped the cleaned peelings into the sink .
the person dumped the peelings into the garbage .
the person cleaned the sink .
the person rinsed the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person also took out a bowl .
the person washed the pomegranate under the faucet .
the person cut off the outer layer of the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate into four chunks .
the person removed the pomegranate seeds .
the person placed the pomegranate seeds into a bowl .
the person disposed of the pomegranate husk .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person went to the cupboards at the back , .
the person took out a pomegranate and a small white bowl .
the person put the bowl on the counter .
the person found a paring knife in the drawer to the sink .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in the sink , .
the person cut off both ends .
the person made four cut around the side of the fruit , .
the person split the fruit in half , and into quarters .
the person got a small wooden cutting board from a drawer .
the person put the pomegranate on a small wooden cutting board .
the person used his fingers and thumbs to carefully remove the seeds from each quarter of the fruit .
the person put the seeds in the bowl , and the pulp on the cutting board or in the sink .
the person removed the seeds from all four quarters of the pomegranate , .
the person picked a few more small pieces of pulp out of the bowl .
the person threw away all of the remaining pulp from the cutting board and sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person also grabbed a bowl from a cabinet .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person washed off the piece of fruit .
the person washed the fruit .
the person chopped off the ends .
the person seeded the fruit .
the person seeded the fruit .
the person placed the seeds in the bowl .
the person removed all of the seeds .
the person threw the other pieces of the fruit away .
the person washed his hands off .
the person walked to a cabinet drawer to his left , .
the person took out a fruit .
the person walked to another cabinet drawer .
the person took out a bowl .
the person took both the fruit and the bowl to the counter at his right , .
the person took out a knife from a drawer .
the person held the fruit over the sink .
the person rinsed the fruit .
the person peeled the fruit .
the person cut the fruit into large chunks .
the person placed the fruit chunks into the bowl , .
the person took out a tray .
the person took the large chunks .
carefully dislocated the insides of the fruit .
the person kept the insides of the fruit in the bowl .
once the person retrieved all the fruit 's important insides .
the person placed the fruit 's important insides all into the bowl , .
the rest of the unwanted fruit the person tossed into the sink .
the person occasionally placed aside some of the excess fruit pieces onto the tray , .
the person opened the trash , .
the person disposed of all the unwanted fruit portions from the tray and from the sink , .
the person walked in from the left .
the person opened the first cabinet door .
from the cabinet the person took an pomegranate .
the person went to the second cabinet .
the person selected a bowl .
the person placed the bowl on the counter .
from a drawer chose a knife .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person peeled the top and bottom of the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate lengthwise and in half .
the person withdrew a cutting board from the drawer bellow her .
the person placed one half of the fruit on a cutting board .
the person proceeded to take out the edible portions of the fruit .
the person commenced by picking up the other half of the fruit .
the person sliced the other half of the fruit in half .
the person washed his hands .
the person wiped his hands dry via a towel .
the person got a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in the sink .
the person sliced both ended off of the pomegranate .
the person scored the pomegranate into fourths , lengthwise .
the person split the pomegranate in half .
the person held the pomegranate over the bowl .
the person peeled the pomegranate rind back , .
the person removed the seeds .
pulp the seeds into the bowl .
the person threw the rind away .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got a pomegranate from a refrigerator .
the person got a bowl from a cabinet .
the person got a pairing knife from a drawer .
the person washed the pomegranate in a sink .
the person cut the top of the pomegranate off .
the person cut the bottom of the pomegranate off with the knife .
the person quartered the pomegranate .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cleaned the seeds out of the pomegranate .
the person put the seeds in the bowl .
the person put the scraps in the sink .
the person threw the scraps in a trash can .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the pantry .
the person got a bowl from the cupboard .
the person set a bowl on the counter .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut the top and bottom off the pomegranate .
the person set the pieces aside .
the person scored the pomegranate in fourths .
the person broke the pomegranate apart .
the person set three of the fourths on a small cutting board .
the person held one fourth of the pomegranate above the bowl .
the person pulled out the seeds .
the person did the same for the other fourths .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate out of the cabinet .
the person took a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut off the ends of the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate into quarters .
the person put the pomegranate quarters in the bowl .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person put the pomegranates on the cutting board .
the person removed the seeds from the pomegranate .
the person put the seeds in the bowl .
the person put the rest of the pomegranate into the sink .
the person threw the debris into the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person grabbed a pomegranate and a bowl from the pantry .
the person also took a knife from a cabinet drawer .
the person washed the pomegranate in the sink .
the person cut off the top of the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate into sections .
the person placed the pomegranate sections into the bowl .
the person used a cutting board to hold the sections he was n't working with .
the person harvested the seeds of one section .
the person emptied the seeds into the bowl .
the person proceeded to do the emptying with the remaining sections as well .
the person scraped the empty skin of the pomegranate from the cutting board into the garbage .
the person rinsed out the sink , .
the person rinsed off his hands , .
the person toweled his hands dry .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person removed a pomegranate from the cabinets .
the person also removed a bowl from the cabinets .
the person walked over to the sink .
the person opened a drawer .
the person found a paring knife in the drawer to the sink .
the person rinsed the pomegranate off in the sink .
the person peeled the pomegranate over the sink .
the person sliced the pomegranate up .
the person placed the pomegranate in the bowl .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person placed the unprepared portion on the cutting board .
the person prepared the pomegranate .
the person tossed the peel into the trash can .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person opened the pantry .
the person picked up a pomegranate , .
the person grabbed a bowl from the cupboard .
the person set the bowl on the counter .
the person pulled a knife out of a drawer .
the person set a knife to the bowl .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person sliced off the top and bottom .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half and quarters .
the person placed the quarters on a cutting board to the bowl .
the person began carefully separating the inside fruit from the outer husk .
the person placed the inside fruit in the bowl .
the person placed some of the husk in the sink .
the rest of the husk back on the cutting board .
once the person was finished , he placed the husk in the trash .
the person washed the sink .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person got a pomegranate and bowl from a cabinet .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut the top and bottom from the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate into quarters .
the person pulled the pomegranate apart .
the person broke the seeds from the pomegranate into the bowl .
the person threw away the peels .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a pomegranate and bowl from the cupboard .
the person the got out a knife , .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut off the pomegranate ended .
the person cut the pomegranate into halves and one of those halves in half again .
the person tore the pomegranate apart .
the person placed the pomegranate into the bowl .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person placed the pomegranate on a cutting board .
the person took a fourth of the pomegranate .
the person removed the seeds into the bowl by hand .
the person finished he threw the peel into the sink .
the person removed any remainder from the bowl into the sink .
the person repeated the seed removal with another fourth .
the person took the remaining half of the pomegranate .
the person attempted to repeat the previous seed removal .
the person struggled .
until the person cut this remaining half in half as well .
the person finished seeding the pomegranate .
the person threw away the peel into the trash from the cutting board .
the person removed the peel from the sink .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a piece of fruit from a cabinet .
the person walked over to the counter , .
the person pulled a paring knife from the drawer .
the person washed the fruit in the sink .
the person cut the top and bottom of the fruit off .
the person placed the top and bottom in the sink .
the person started cutting the fruit into quarters .
the person put the quarters in the bowl .
the person grabbed a cutting board from a different cabinet .
the person retrieved a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed the fruit from the bowl .
the person placed the fruit on the cutting board .
the person proceeded to grab pieces of the fruit .
the person removed the seed to place in the bowl .
the person placed the hull of the fruit in the sink and on the cutting board .
the person placed the hull of the fruit in the sink and on the cutting board .
the person cleaned the knife , .
the person dumped the remains of the fruit off of the cutting board into the trash .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person collected the other trash from the sink .
the person placed the other trash in the garbage .
the person rinsed his hands again .
the person dried his hands .
the person took an pomegranate out of the fridge .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person peeled the pomegranate over the sink .
the person cut the fruit into slices .
the person put the slices into a bowl .
the person moved the slices onto a cutting board .
the person began to take the seeds out of the fruit .
the person placed the seeds into the bowl .
the person put all of the seeds into the bowl .
the person threw away the remaining fruit peel from the cutting board .
the person threw away the peel from the sink .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a head of broccoli .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled the pot up with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed the lid on the pot , .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed the broccoli from its wrapper .
the person rinsed the broccoli off .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the broccoli .
the person tossed the stem in the trash .
the person salted the water .
the person placed the broccoli in the boiling water , .
the person put the lid back on the pot .
the person checked the broccoli .
the person got out a plate , .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person got out a utensil , .
the person placed the utensil on the counter .
the person placed the cooked broccoli on his plate .
the person opened the fridge .
the person got out a stalk of broccoli .
the person got a pot with a lid from under the counter , .
the person filled the pot with some water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person switched a burner on .
the person picked a cutting board out of the drawer underneath the sink .
the person unwrapped the head of broccoli .
the person washed the head of broccoli off under running water .
the person carefully cut the florets off of the stalk of broccoli , .
the person discarded the stalk in the trashcan .
the person cut the florets into smaller pieces .
the person checked the water in the pot .
the person wiped his hands on a towel .
the person got the salt from the spice rack .
seasoned the water with a bit of salt .
the person dumped all of the broccoli into the pot .
the person took a jar of something out of the cupboard .
the person put a little bit of the contents into the pot .
the person paced back and forth for a bit , .
the person checked the boiling water .
the person added a different spice to the water , .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person used a slotted spoon to remove the broccoli onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got fresh broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person took a pot and cover out of the cabinet .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove to heat .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person took out a knife .
the person started slicing the broccoli .
the person discarded the stem .
the person cut the florets off .
the person added some spices to the water .
the person put the broccoli into the pot .
the person covered the broccoli .
the person put some more spices into the pot .
the person watched the pot it was boiling .
the person added another spice to the pot .
the person took a plate and spaghetti spoon out of the cabinet .
the person took the broccoli out of the pot .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a piece of broccoli out of the fridge .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove with the lid on ; .
the person turned on the stove .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person unwrapped the broccoli , .
the person rinsed the broccoli in the sink , .
the person set the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a knife , .
the person threw the stalk away in the garbage can .
the person cut the florets into smaller pieces .
the person checked the water in the pot .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person selected a spice from the spice rack , .
the person removed the lid from the pot of water , .
the person sprinkled the seasoning into the water .
the person put the spice back in the spice rack .
the person put the broccoli in the pot of water .
the person took a jar from a cupboard .
the person poured some of the jar 's contents into the pot .
the water boiled , the person selected another spice from the spice rack .
the person sprinkled some spice into the pot .
the person put the spice back into the rack .
the person took a bowl and a straining spoon from the cupboard and drawer .
the person put the bowl and a straining spoon on the counter .
the person spooned the broccoli from the pot into the bowl .
the person set the bowl of broccoli on the counter .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a small head of broccoli .
the person put the head of broccoli on the counter .
the person got a pot .
the person added about an inch of water , .
the person placed the pot on the stove to boil .
the person covered the pot , .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer , .
the person removed the plastic wrap from the broccoli .
the person discarded the plastic wrap .
the person rinsed the broccoli in the sink .
the person placed the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person used a long knife to cut off the broccoli florets .
the person threw away the stalk .
the person cut a few of the florets into smaller pieces .
the person washed his hands , .
the person added some salt and the broccoli to the pot of water .
the person waited a minute he looked at the spice rack on the counter .
the person got some seasoning from the cupboard .
the person added the seasoning to the pot .
a couple more minutes , the water began to boil .
the person added a little more salt to the water .
the person got a plate from the cupboard and a slotted spoon from the drawer .
the person used the spoon to put the broccoli on the plate .
the person set the plate on the counter .
the person came in to kitchen .
the person took a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the water on stove .
the person took a cutting board .
the person cleaned the broccoli .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the broccoli .
the person threw the waste into dustbin .
the person added salt to the boiling water .
the person added the cut broccoli in to the water .
the person added spices .
the person strained the boiled broccoli onto a plate .
the person took a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person set the head of broccoli on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cooking pot .
the person filled the cooking pot with water in the sink .
the person set the pot on the stovetop .
the person pressed buttons on the stovetop .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person set the cutting board on the counter .
the person opened the broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli under running water in the sink .
the person placed the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person chopped the broccoli by cutting small pieces from the head .
the person discarded the stem .
the person checked the pot by lifting the lid and placing his hand over it .
the person rinsed his hand in the sink .
the person dried his hands off with a towel .
the person took a bottle of seasoning from the spice rack .
the person sprinkled some seasoning into the pot .
the person returned the spice bottle to the rack .
the person added the chopped broccoli to the steaming water in the pot .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person added two other spices to the pot .
the person took a plate from a cupboard and a large spoon from a drawer .
the person took the broccoli out of the pot with the spoon .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person set the plate on the counter .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person grabbed some broccoli .
the person set some broccoli on the counter , .
the person pulled a saucepan out of the cupboard , .
the person filled the saucepan with water .
the person set the saucepan on the stove .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person set the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person used a knife to cut the florets off of the top of the broccoli .
the person threw the stem in the trash .
the person used salt to season the water on the stove , .
the person dropped the broccoli into the saucepan .
the person covered the saucepan .
the person waited a little bit , .
the person dropped some seasoning into the pan .
the person waited until the pot boiled .
the person added more seasoning .
the broccoli boiled for a minute or two , the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person removed the broccoli to the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a head of broccoli from the fridge .
the person got a pot from under the sink .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the florets of broccoli off the stalk .
the person threw the stalk away .
the person cut the pieces of broccoli to uniform sizes .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person retrieved some seasoning .
the person put some seasoning in the boiling water .
the person slid the cut broccoli from the cutting board to the pot .
from the cabinet the person got some more seasoning .
the person added the seasoning to the pot .
the person stood and waited for the broccoli to be done .
the person checked the broccoli .
the person added more seasoning .
the person got a plate from the cabinet and a pasta scoop .
the person used the pasta scoop to transfer the broccoli from the pot to the plate .
the person got a wrapped broccoli stalk out of the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a pot from under the stove .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person set the pot on a burner .
the person turned the burner on to boil the water .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person unwrapped the broccoli , .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the shook the broccoli dry .
the person placed the broccoli on the cutting board .
the took out a knife .
the person cut the florets off the stalk .
the person threw the stalk away .
the person cut the florets into smaller pieces waiting for the water to boil .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person added salt to the water .
the person placed the florets in the pan .
the person took something out of a jar .
the person placed something from the jar in the pot .
the person also added a spice to the pot .
the person took out a plate and a strainer spoon .
the person removed broccoli .
the person set the plate down .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out broccoli covered in plastic .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a pot , .
the person set the pot on a stove .
the person went into a different drawer , .
the person removed a cutting board , .
the person placed the cutting board to the broccoli .
the person removed the plastic covered the broccoli , .
the person rinsed the broccoli thoroughly , .
the person shook the broccoli off , .
the person placed the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person removed a large knife from the drawer , .
the person cut the florets off the broccoli , .
the person discarded the stem .
the person trimmed the broccoli florets into smaller pieces , .
the person seasoned the water in the pot , .
the person placed the broccoli in the water , .
the person was sure to cover the pot with a lid .
the person added a different seasoning to the water , .
the person added a third seasoning with a bit of difficulty , .
the person took out a plate .
the person turned off the stove , .
the person retrieved the broccoli from the water using a spaghetti ladle , .
the person arrayed the broccoli on his plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a package of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person took out a pan and lid from under the stove .
the person added water to the pan about third of the way .
the person placed the pan on the stove .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli in the sink .
the person took out a knife from the drawer , .
the person cut the broccoli florets from the stem .
the person discarded the stem into the garbage bin .
the person cut the florets to the same size .
the person checked the water on the stove .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person salted the water in the pan , .
the person added the florets to the water .
the person recovered the pan .
the person went to the cabinet , .
the person brought back a spice .
the person added a small amount to the pan .
the person stood back .
the person lifted the lid .
the person replaced the lid .
the person took a spice from the rack , .
the person looked at the spice , .
the person added some spice to the pot .
the person took a plate from the cabinet , .
the person removed the florets from the pan with a pasta server .
the person placed the florets on the plate .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person went into the refrigerator .
the person retrieved fresh broccoli .
the person pulled out a pot from under the stove .
the person filled a pot with water from the sink .
the person put the pot on the burner .
the person turned up the heat .
the person brought out a chopping board , .
the person rinsed the broccoli , .
the person grabbed a knife .
meticulously cut the broccoli florets from the stalk .
the person salted the water .
before dropping the florets into the water .
the person wandered around the kitchen , .
the person added spices , the broccoli cooked .
the person went into the cabinet .
the person got a pasta scoop .
the person set the pasta scoop on the counter .
a moment , the person scooped the broccoli out .
the person placed in on the plate .
the person took a stalk of broccoli from the refrigerator , .
the person placed the stalk of the broccoli on the counter .
the person took a pot from a drawer .
the person filled the pot with water , .
the person placed the pot on the stove top .
the person turned on the heat .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took the broccoli out of the package .
the person discarded the package in the garbage can .
the person washed the broccoli at the sink , .
the person shook off the excess water , .
the person placed the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the head of the broccoli off of the stalk in small pieces .
the person put the stalk in the garbage .
the person cut the chunks of broccoli into smaller pieces , .
the person checked the water in the pot on the stove .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person got salt from the spice rack .
the person opened the bottle .
the person added a bit of the salt to the pot of water .
the person put the jar of salt back in the spice rack .
the person dropped the broccoli into the pot of water .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person got a jar of olives from the cabinet , .
the person added some of the brine to the pot .
the person continued waiting .
the person added another spice to the pot .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a pasta spoon from the drawer .
the person turned off the stove .
the person scooped the broccoli from the pot with the spoon .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected a small broccoli head from the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a pot with a lid .
the person filled the pot about half way with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the heat .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person rinsed the broccoli head thoroughly in the sink .
the person shook out the excess water .
the person used a large knife to separate broccoli pieces from the stem .
the person through the stem in the garbage .
the person inspected the broccoli chunks .
the person cut large pieces into smaller pieces .
the person added lots of salt to the pot of water .
the person added the broccoli .
the person selected a seasoning .
the person added some seasoning to the pot of broccoli .
the person watched the pot .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person selected another seasoning .
the person added another seasoning to the boiling broccoli .
the person selected a plate and a pasta fork .
the person shut off the heat .
the person used the pasta fork to remove the broccoli from the water .
the person put the broccoli on plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a bushel of broccoli from the fridge .
the person put a small amount of water in a pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got a cutting board out of the cabinet .
the person washed the broccoli in the sink .
the person cut the broccoli florets off the stem .
the person threw away the stem .
the person salted the water .
the person added the broccoli to the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person added additional seasonings to the pot .
the person waited several minutes .
the person scooped the broccoli onto a plate .
the person got broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person got a stock pot from a drawer .
the person put some water in the pot .
the person put the water on the stove .
the person put a lid on the pot .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person unwrapped the broccoli from the plastic .
the person threw the plastic in a trash can .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the florets from the stem .
the person threw the stem in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person added salt to the water .
the person added the broccoli to the water .
the person put the lid back on the pot .
the person got a plate and a slotted spoon .
the person ladled out the broccoli onto the plate .
the person removed broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person the removed a pot from the cabinet .
the person filled the pot up with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person covered the pot .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli , .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person added salt into the pot of water .
the person placed the broccoli in the pot .
the person added another a liquid to the pot .
the person added another spice to pot .
the person removed the broccoli from the pot .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate .
the person removed some broccoli from the fridge .
the person got a pot from the cabinet .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stoved .
the person turned the pot on .
the person put a lid on the pot .
the person retrieved a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut florets from the stem .
the person threw away the stem .
the person put the broccoli in the pot .
the person replaced the lid .
the person added some seasoning to the pot .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person got a plate from the cabinet and a spoon from a drawer .
the person removed the broccoli from the water .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a head of broccoli .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot onto the stove .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person added salt to the water .
the person added the cut broccoli to the boiling water .
the person let the broccoli cook .
the person checked the broccoli occasionally .
the person added more spices to the broccoli .
the person removed the broccoli with a spoon .
the person placed the cooked broccoli onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked directly towards the refrigerator .
the person removed a chili pepper .
the person washed a chili pepper in the kitchen sink .
the person washed the pepper , .
the person placed the pepper on a cutting board on the counter .
the person cut the pepper up into little pieces .
the person shook his hand to remove excess pepper residue into the sink .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took a chilli and cutting plate .
the person washed the chili in the sink .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the top off of the chili .
the person threw the chili away .
the person sliced the chili into thin pieces .
the person removed a chilli from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the chili .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the stem from the chilli .
the person sliced the chilli .
the person took a single , thin , red pepper out of the fridge , .
the person washed the single , thin , red pepper , .
the person placed the red pepper onto a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person chopped off top part of the pepper that had the stem connected to it .
the person threw that top half away .
the person proceeded to chop the pepper perpendicular to it length into approximately quarter inch slices .
the video concluded with the person wiping off pepper sliced that stuck to the knife back onto the cutting board .
the person set the knife down the cutting board that had the pepper slices atop of the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cover from one of the shelves inside the refrigerator .
the person took a red chilly out of the cover .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person placed the red chilly on the marble slab .
the person drew a drawer which was fitted down the slab .
the person took a wooden plate from the drawer .
the person placed a wooden plate on the slab .
the person opened the tap .
the person washed the chilly .
the person thrown away the water over the chilly .
the person dried the chilly , to some extent .
the person placed the red chilly on the plate .
the person took the knife from the drawer .
the person cut the head portion of the chilly .
the person placed the head portion inside another drawer .
the person cut the chilly into very fine pieces .
the person grabbed a chilli from the refrigerator .
the person smelled a chilli .
the person placed a chilli on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter , .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person took out a knife , .
the person cut off the end of the pepper , .
the person threw the end of the pepper away .
the person sliced the pepper into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person picked up a plastic bag .
the cook smelled the pepper .
the person placed the red chili pepper on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the red pepper .
the person laid the pepper on the cutting board .
the cook cut the stem off of the pepper .
the person thinly sliced the chili pepper .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a chilli pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the chilli .
the person got out a knife .
the person chopped off the top of the chilli .
the person discarded the top of the chilli .
the person chopped the chilli up into small pieces .
the person put the chilli clinging to the knife on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person got out a chilli pepper .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed the chilli in the sink .
the person placed the chilli on the cutting board .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the top off of the chilli .
the person threw away the top of the chilli .
the person diced the chilli pepper .
the person wiped the knife clean .
the person placed the knife on the counter to the board .
the person shook his hands clean .
the person removed a chili from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the chili .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced off the stem .
the person threw the stem in the garbage .
the person sliced the chili into small pieces .
the person entered into his room .
the person opened his refrigerator .
the person took a cover that contained chilli .
the person picked one chilli .
close that refridgerator .
the person kept that chilli in that cutting plate .
the person took a one cutting plate .
the person washed that chilli .
the person kept in that cutting plate .
the person took a knife .
the person cut the halm of the chilli .
the person put the halm of the chilli in a waste box drawer .
the person chopped that chilli into very small pieces .
the person clean the knife .
the person kept the knife in the kitchen stage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator door .
the person got out a chili pepper .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person turned the sink on .
the person rinsed off the chili pepper .
the person turned the sink off .
the person placed the chili pepper on the cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person sliced the chili pepper .
a male walked into a kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
from the refrigerator the person removed a chili pepper from a plastic bag .
the person proceeded to open a kitchen drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person opened the same kitchen drawer .
the person chopped off the stem of the chili pepper .
the person discarded the stem into the trash .
the person chopped the rest of the chili pepper into very fine pieces on the cutting board .
the person chopped the pepper .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up the fridge .
the person took out a piece of chili from the fridge .
the person placed the chili on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board from the kitchen drawer .
the person picked the chili up .
the person turned on the faucet .
the person washed the chilli .
the person washed the chili .
the person placed the chilli on the cutting board , .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the top part of the chili off .
the person threw away the top part in the garbage .
the person proceeded to slice the remaining chili into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed one chilli pepper from the fridge .
the person took out a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the chilli pepper in the sink .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the stem off of the chilli pepper .
the person placed the stem in the trash .
the person sliced the chilli pepper with the knife .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person removed one chilli pepper from a bag in the refrigerator .
the person placed one chilli pepper on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the chilli pepper under the faucet .
the person placed the chilli pepper on the cutting board .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the stem off of the chilli pepper .
the person chopped the chilli pepper into small pieces on the cutting board .
his cutting the chilli .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected a chili pepper from the refrigerator .
the person smelled the pepper .
the person pulled a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the chili in the sink .
the person used a large knife to cut the top off the chili .
the person disposed the top off the chili .
the person carefully slice the chili into thin slices .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a chili pepper .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the chilli thoroughly .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the stem off .
the person threw that stem away .
the person finely diced up the rest of the pepper .
the person removed the chilli that was still on the knife .
the person put the knife down .
the person entered the room .
the person opened the rightmost cabinet .
the person took out a polyethylene bag from the cabinet , .
from the polyethylene bag the person proceeded to take out one red chilli .
the person put the bag back into the cabinet .
the person closed the door .
the person opened a drawer below the kitchen top .
the person produced a round cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the chilli in the sink .
the person took out a broad bladed chopping knife from another drawer .
first , the person chopped off the stem .
the person threw the stem into the trash bin .
the person proceeded to vertically chop the chilli into small parts .
the person cleaned the knife using his fingers .
the person removed any pieces of chilli sticking to the knife .
the person got a chilli from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the chilli pepper .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the stem off the chilli .
the person put the stem in the trash .
the person chopped the chilli pepper .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a bowl from the cabinet .
the person took out two eggs from the fridge .
the person placed two eggs on the counter .
the person took a fork out from the drawer .
the person washed the bowl .
the person cracked the first egg on using the bowl .
the person poured the yolk in the bowl .
the person threw out the egg shell into the trash .
the person also cracked the second egg , .
the person put the yolk in the bowl .
also threw the shell into the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a salt shaker .
the person poured salt into the bowl of eggs .
the person washed the fork .
mixed the eggs .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person took a pan out .
the person poured oil onto the pan .
the person mixed the eggs some more .
the person poured the eggs into the pan .
the person cleaned the bowl with dishwasher soap .
the person took out a wooden spatula and with the fork he made the scrambled eggs .
the person added spices to the mix in the process .
the person placed the scrambled eggs in the bow .
the person washed the spatula .
the person put the spatula away .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person removed two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person removed a fork from the drawer .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person added salt to the eggs .
the person whisked the eggs with the fork .
the person removed oil from the cabinet .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person poured the eggs into the pan .
the person removed a wooden utensil from the drawer .
the person added a spice to the eggs .
the person flipped the eggs over .
the person placed the cooked eggs in the bowl .
the person washed the wooden utensil in the sink .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took out bowl .
the person took out eggs .
the person took out spoon .
the person cracked eggs .
the person washed hands .
the person added pepper to egg .
the person beat the eggs .
the person turned on stove .
the person took out pan .
the person took out oil .
the person put oil in pan .
the person poured eggs in pan .
the person got out a bowl .
the person set a bowl down on the counter .
the person got two eggs out of the refrigerator .
the person opened the drawer up .
the person got a knife out .
the person cracked open both eggs , .
the person put both eggs into the bowl .
the person threw away the shells , .
the person grabbed seasoning .
the person put a little in the bowl with the eggs .
the person used the fork to whip the eggs for a moment .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person got out a pan .
the person got out vegetable oil .
the person put some in the pan .
the person checked the pan to see how hot the pan was .
the person dumped out the eggs into the pan .
the person cleaned the bowl out with soap and water .
the person got out a wooden utensil .
the person seasoned the eggs a little more , .
the person used the utensil to flip the eggs .
the person continued to cook the eggs , .
season the eggs .
until the person put the cooked eggs in the silver bowl .
the person washed off the wooden utensil .
the person put the wooden utensil away .
the person grabbed a bowl and two eggs .
the person quickly rinsed the bowl out with some water .
the person cracked both eggs into the bowl .
the person quickly rinsed his hands off .
the person put a bit of salt on the eggs .
the person scrambled the eggs .
the person turned on the heat .
the person pulled out a pan .
and put some oil in a pan .
the person put the eggs in the pan .
the person washed the bowl with soap and water .
the person flipped the eggs over as one big unit .
the person put the finished eggs into the bowl .
the person cleaned his cooking utensils .
the person put the spoon away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person took two eggs out of the refrigerator .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person washed the bowl .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person threw out the shells .
the person washed his hands .
the person added some salt to the eggs .
the person washed the fork .
the person used the fork to beat the eggs .
the person took out a frying pan and oil .
the person poured oil in the pan .
the person heated the pan .
the person put the eggs into the frying pan .
the person washed the bowl and the fork .
the person took out a wooden spatula .
the person moved the eggs around .
the person put pepper on the eggs .
the person turned the eggs .
the person put the oil away .
the person put the cooked egg into the bowl .
the person washed the spatula .
the person put the spatula back in the drawer .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a bowl , two eggs and a fork .
the person washed the bowl .
the person cracked each egg .
the person poured the contents into the bowl .
the person added some salt , .
the person whisked the eggs with the fork .
the person took out a pan and olive oil , .
the person put the pan on the stove .
the person poured in some oil , .
the person waited for the pan to get hot , .
the person added the eggs .
the person washed the bowl .
the person moved the eggs around with a spatula , .
the person added some pepper .
the person flipped the egg over .
the person moved the egg around , .
the person placed the egg back into the bowl , .
the person washed the spatula .
the person took out a bowl from the cabinet and two eggs .
the person took out a fork .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person cracked one egg , .
the person threw away the shell .
the person threw out the egg shell into the trash .
the person repeated with the second egg .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person added some salt to the eggs .
the person thoroughly mixed the eggs .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person filled the bottom with oil .
the person poured the eggs in .
the person washed the bowl and the fork .
the person took out a wooden spatula .
the person moved the eggs around .
the person used the spatula and fork , he tried to flip the eggs .
the person added more spice .
the person turned the stove off .
the person put away the oil .
the person put the eggs back in the bowl .
the person cleaned the spatula .
the person put away the spatula .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet and two eggs from the fridge .
the person placed a bowl and two eggs on the counter .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person cracked both eggs into the bowl .
the person threw the eggshells away .
seasoned the eggs .
the person rinsed the fork .
the person whipped the eggs with the fork .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got a pan from under the counter and olive oil from the cabinet .
the person placed the pan on the stove .
the person poured some olive oil into the pan .
the person whipped the eggs once more .
the person got a wooden spatula from the drawer , .
the person used a wooden spatula .
the person poured the eggs into the pan .
the person washed the fork and bowl .
the person again got the spatula from the drawer .
the person used the spatula and the fork to move the eggs around the pan .
the person seasoned the eggs .
the person used the spatula and fork to flip the eggs , .
the person got more seasoning .
again seasoned the eggs .
the person put up the olive oil .
the person transferred the eggs from the pan to the bowl .
the person washed the spatula .
the person put the spatula away .
the person took out a small metal bowl , two eggs , and a fork .
the person rinsed the bowl , .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person discarded the shells .
the person added salt , .
the person beat the eggs with a fork .
the person turned on a stove .
the person took out a skillet and a bottle of oil .
the person put some oil in the skillet , .
the person cleaned the metal bowl with soap and a sponge , .
the person put the metal bowl aside .
the person used a spatula and a fork , he adjusted the omelet , .
the person added more seasoning .
the person flipped the omelet upside down with the spatula , .
the person added some more seasoning .
the person put the omelet back into the metal bowl .
the person cleaned the spatula .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person removed two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the eggs in the bowl .
the person scrambled the eggs .
the person got a pan from the cabinet .
the person heated the pan on the stove .
the person poured the egss into the pan .
the person seasoned the eggs .
the person turned the eggs with a spatula .
the person put the eggs in the bowl .
the person cleaned the spatula .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person took out eggs from the refrigerator .
the person took out a fork .
the person washed the bowl .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person added salt to the eggs .
the person washed the fork .
the person beat the eggs with the fork .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took a pan from the cabinet .
the person took out some oil .
the person put the pan on the stove .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person added the eggs to the pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person took two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person rinsed out the bowl .
the person cracked both eggs into the bowl .
the person threw the shells away .
the person added salt from the spice rack to the eggs .
the person rinsed the fork .
the person whisked the eggs with the fork .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer and olive oil out of the pantry .
the person poured some olive oil into the pan .
the person whisked the eggs again .
the person poured the eggs into the frying pan .
the person washed the bowl and fork in the sink .
the person took a wooden spatula out of the drawer .
the person stirred the eggs around .
the person added a spice from the spice rack to the eggs .
the person flipped the eggs over in the frying pan .
the person put the olive oil back in the pantry .
the person put the cooked eggs into the bowl .
the person washed the spatula in the sink .
the person put the spatula back in the drawer .
the person got a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person got two eggs from a refrigerator .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person added salt to the eggs .
the person mixed the eggs with a fork .
the person got a frying pan .
the person put a frying pan on the stove .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person added the eggs to the pan .
the person washed the metal bowl .
the person tried to flip the egg over .
the person put the egg in the metal bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a bowl .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed two eggs .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person broke both eggs .
the person put both eggs in the bowl .
the person added some spices to the eggs .
the person used the fork to mix the eggs .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got a pan .
the person added some oil to the pan .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person put a spatula back .
the person put the egg in the pan .
the egg cooked .
the person washed the bowl .
the person got the spatula again .
the person put the scrambled eggs in the bowl .
the person cleaned up .
the person cleaned out a small steel mixing bowl .
the person cracked two brown eggs , .
the person put the yolk and egg whites into the mixing bowl .
the person lightly shook salt over the top of the eggs .
the person beat the eggs with a fork , until well they were well mixed .
the person placed a large frying pan on the stove , .
the person heated the pan , .
the person coated a large frying pan with cooking oil .
the person poured the mixed eggs into the pan .
the person cleaned the fork and mixing bowl .
the person put some pepper on the cooking eggs .
with the fork and a flat-topped wooden spoon , the person flipped the eggs over in the pan .
the eggs browned , .
the person put additional pepper on the eggs .
the person removed the eggs from the pan .
the person placed the eggs into the bowl .
the person cleaned the wooden spoon .
the person put the spoon away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a bowl .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out two eggs .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person put the eggs into the bowl .
the person added salt to the bowl .
the person whisked the eggs in the bowl .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took out a skillet .
the person placed a skillet onto the stove .
the person added olive oil to the skillet .
the person continued to whisk the eggs .
the person added the eggs to the skillet .
the person flipped the egg .
the person added spices .
the person put the cooked egg back into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person retrieved a bowl from a cabinet .
the person got two eggs from the refrigerator , .
a fork from a drawer .
the person rinsed the bowl in the sink .
the person cracked both eggs into the bowl .
the person threw the empty shells into the garbage .
the person seasoned the eggs with a bottle from a spice rack .
the person rinses of his fork , .
the person whisked the eggs .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person retrieved a frying pan from a drawer .
the person retrieved a bottle of oil from a cabinet , .
places the pan on the stove , .
oils the pan .
the person whisked the eggs a bit more .
the person poured the eggs into the pan .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person washed the bowl .
the person seasoned the eggs some more , .
the person flipped the eggs using a spatula and fork .
the person took the eggs from the pan .
the person put the eggs in a bowl , .
the person washed the spatula .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a bowl and two eggs from the cupboard .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person rinsed out the bowl .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person discarded the shells .
quickly rinsing off his hands .
the person shook a little salt onto the eggs .
the person rinsed the fork .
the person beat the eggs in the bowl with the fork .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person added some oil from the cupboard to a frying pan .
the person checked the heat of the pan by holding his hand near the pan .
before getting out a spatula .
the person added the eggs to the pan , .
the eggs cooked .
the person cleaned the bowl in think sink .
the person used the fork and spatula he moved around the eggs some .
the person added some seasoning to the eggs .
before flipping the eggs .
the person added more seasoning to the other side of the eggs .
the person put the oil away .
the person transferred the eggs to the bowl he had cleaned earlier .
the person washed the spatula .
the person put the spatula away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two glasses from the cupboard .
the person took and egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked an egg into one of the glasses , .
the person separated the egg yolk from the egg white .
one glass contained the egg white .
the other contained the egg yolk .
the person threw the egg shells away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a handled glass and a small glass from the cupboard .
the person went into the fridge .
the person grabbed one egg .
the person cracked the egg on the handled glass .
the person separated the egg whites from the yolk over the handled glass .
the person poured the egg yolk into the small glass .
the person threw the egg shells away .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took a glass out of one of the cupboards , .
the person placed the glass on the counter .
the person went back to the cupboard .
the person got a second , smaller glass .
the person put the smaller glass on the counter to the other glass .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out an egg .
the person cracked the egg carefully over the larger glass .
the person separated the egg .
the person put the egg whites in the large glass , .
the person tossed the egg yolk between the two shell halved a couple of times .
the person put the egg yolk into the smaller glass .
the person threw the egg shells away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a glass from the cabinet .
the person removed a smaller glass from the cabinet .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked an egg over the larger glass .
the person separated the egg white into the larger glass .
the person poured the egg yolk into the smaller glass .
the person threw the egg shell into the trash .
the person retrieved a beer mug from a cupboard .
the person went back and got a smaller glass .
the person followed this , he got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person returned to the table , .
the person cracked the egg on the beer mug .
the person squeezed the juice from the yolk into the beer mug .
the person put the yolk into the other glass .
the person put the shell in the trash .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a large and small glass , .
an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg over the big glass , .
the person separated the egg white and yolk by transferring the yolk between each half of the egg shell .
the person had placed all the egg whites in the large glass , .
the person put the yolk in the smaller glass .
the person discarded the shells .
the person took a large glass mug out of a cabinet .
the person set a large glass mug on the counter .
the person took a smaller glass from a cabinet .
the person set a smaller glass on the counter to the large glass mug .
the person went into the refrigerator .
the person took out a brown egg .
the person held the egg over the large glass mug .
the person cracked the egg slowly , .
the person let the egg whites run out of the egg and into the glass .
the person took the egg , .
the person placed the egg over the small glass .
the person let the egg yolk fall in .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened up the cabinet .
the person removed a glass .
the person placed the glass on the counter .
the person removed another cup .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed an egg , .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person walked back over to the counter .
the person cracked the egg .
the person drained the white of the egg into one cup .
the person placed the yolk of the egg in the other cup .
the person tossed the shell into the trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a glass mug and a smaller glass out of the cabinet .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person carefully broke the egg .
the person separated the egg .
the person put the egg white into the glass mug .
the person put the egg white into the glass mug .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a glass from the cabinet .
the person placed a glass on the counter .
the person took out a smaller glass from the cabinet .
the person placed a smaller glass to the previous on the counter .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out an egg .
the person walked back to the counter , .
carefully cracked open the egg , .
the person separated the yoke and the white into different glasses .
the person retrieved a tall glass from a kitchen cupboard .
the person took a small glass from the cupboard .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg on the rim of the tall glass .
the person drained the whites from the egg into the tall glass .
the person put the egg yolk into the small glass .
the person put the egg yolk into the small glass .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a glass mug and smaller cup .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg over the mug , .
the person separated the egg whites and yolk by shuffling the yolk back and forth .
the person placed all the whites into the mug , .
the person put the yolk into the small cup .
the person threw out the shells .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a glass and a smaller cup .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the yolk from the white .
the person placed the yolk into the smaller glass .
the person opened the cupboard door .
from the cupboard , the person got out two glasses .
the person turned around , .
the person set a large and small glass on the counter top .
the person proceeded to turn around again .
the person walked toward the refrigerator .
the person got out one egg from the refrigerator .
the person walked back over to the counter .
the person cracked the egg open .
the person did not dump both the white and the yolk in together .
the person used the shell to carefully drain the white out of the egg .
the person let the white of the egg fall into one cup .
the person kept the yolk from going into that cup .
the person took the yolk , .
the person dumped the yolk into the other cup .
the person walked over to the trash can .
the person threw away the egg shell in the trash can .
the person removed one large cup and one small cup from the cabinet .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg .
the person poured the egg whites into the large cup .
the person placed the egg yolk in the small cup .
the person threw out the egg shell .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a mug from the cabinet .
the person brought a small glass from the cabinet .
the person placed a small glass to the mug on the counter .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person separated an egg over the mug .
the person let the whites fall into the mug .
the person placed the yolk into the smaller glass .
the person discarded the shell into the bin .
the person got two cups from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from a refrigerator .
the person separated the egg whites into one cup using the egg shell .
the person slid the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person put the egg shells in a trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a large glass mug out of the cabinet .
the person went back to the cabinet .
the person took out a small glass .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg on the edge of the glass mug .
the person did not crack the egg all the way open , .
instead the person made the white slip out into the mug .
the person let the white drain .
the person passed the yolk back and forth from one half of the shell to the other .
the person did this twice , .
the person used the larger half of the shell to scrape the remaining white off of the edge of the shell .
the person shook the shells slightly , .
the person moved both halves , with the yolk , over to the small glass .
the person kept the empty half of the shell in his right hand .
the person tried to pick up the glass with his right hand , .
the person put the shell down .
the person picked up the glass .
the person tilted the glass slightly .
the person slid the yolk into the glass with his left hand .
the person shook the shell slightly .
the person picked up the other half , .
the person stacked the other half on top of the other , .
the person threw the shells both in a trash can .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a mug out of the cabinet .
the person went back to the cabinet for a second , smaller glass .
the person took one egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg shell on the edge of the mug .
the person separated the egg white from the yolk , .
the person separated the egg white from the yolk , .
the person kept the yolk in the shell .
the person placed the yolk into the smaller glass .
the person discarded the egg shell into the trash .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a small and big glass out the cabinet .
the person grabbed one egg out the fridge .
the person poured the egg whites into the big glass .
the person poured the the egg yolk into the small glass .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled an onion out the cabinet .
the person pulled a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person chopped the onion on the cutting board .
the person placed the frying pan onto the stove .
the person placed the onions and oil into the frying pan .
the person cooked the onions in the frying pan .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person pulled out one onion .
the person opened a drawer .
the person retrieved a cutting board and a knife .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person peeled of the skin .
the person chopped both halves of the onion into small pieces .
the person opened the drawer under the stove .
the person pulled out a skillet .
the person turned on the stove .
the person went to the cabinet to get olive oil .
the person poured a small amount of olive oil into the pan .
the person swirled the pan around .
the person retrieved a wooden spatula from the drawer .
the person put the onions into the pan .
the person stirred the onions evenly .
the person stirred the onions evenly until the onions were cooked through .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person pulled out an onion from a cupboard .
the person found a cutting board .
the person selected a knife .
the person cut off an end .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person peeled off the skin .
the person diced the onion .
the person pulled out a frying pan and olive oil .
the person put the onion into the oiled pan on the stove .
the person sauteed the onions , .
the person stirred frequently with a wooden utensil .
the person stared at the onions during paused between stirring .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took an onion .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the skin of onion .
the person cut the onion into pieces .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a pan .
the person switched on the stove .
the person poured some oil to the pan .
the person took a spatula .
the person put the onion to the pan .
the person fried the onion until brown .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a onion from the shelf .
the person placed the onion on the shelf .
the person searched for a wooden cardboard to chop onion .
the person took the wooden cardboard .
the person placed the onion on the board .
the person tooked the knife from the below shelf .
the person peeled the onion .
the person cut the onion in to round pieces .
the person choppinned the onions .
the person took this round pieces .
the person chopped this round pieces into small pieces .
the person took a fry pan .
the person placed a fry pan on a electric stove .
the person poured some oil on the pan .
oil became hot the person put the chopped onions on the pan .
the person fried the chopped onions .
the person kept on frying the onion with the woodedn spatula till the chopped onions became brown .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the pantry .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person sliced the ends off .
the person cut an onion in half .
the person peeled off the skin .
the person used the knife to slice the onion .
the person turned the onion .
the person sliced the onion again to dice the onion .
the person got a pan from under the stove and some oil from the pantry .
the person poured some oil into the pan .
the person spread some oil around .
the person put the chopped onion into the pan .
the person stirred the chopped onion until the onions turned brown .
the person turned off the stove .
the person stirred the onions a little longer .
the person took an onion from a cupboard .
the person placed an onion on the counter .
the person gathered a cutting board and knife .
the person sliced the ends off the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person peeled the skin off the onion by hand .
the person sliced both halves of the onion into small pieces .
the person took a frying pan from the drawer .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed the pan on the stove .
the person placed some oil into the pan .
the person took out a wooden spatula .
the person cooked the onion in the oiled frying pan .
the person stirred the frying onion .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got an onion from the refrigerator .
the person placed the onion on a chopping board .
the person sliced the ends off the onion .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person peeled the onion .
the person sliced the onion into several pieces .
the person diced the onion .
the person removed a frying pan .
the person turned on the oven .
the person put oil in the pan .
the person scraped the onions off the chopping board and into the pan .
the person stirred the onions in the oil as the onions cooked .
the person let the onions simmer for a few final seconds .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the pantry .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced off the ends of the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person peeled the skin from each onion half .
the person thinly sliced the onion half in lengthwise .
the person turned the onion half , .
the person sliced the onion half width-wise .
the person took a skillet from the cabinet .
the person poured some oil into the skillet .
the person took a spatula from the drawer .
the person scraped the diced onion into the skillet .
the person stirred the diced onion .
the person browned the diced onion in the skillet .
the person removed an onion from a cabinet .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the end from the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person removed the peel from the onion .
the person cut one half of the onion into slices .
the person cut the onion slices into diced .
the person repeated the cutting into slices and diced on the other half of onion .
the person removed a pan from a drawer .
the person got some oil from the cabinet .
the person placed some oil in the pan .
the person placed the onion in the pan with a spatula .
the person stirred the onion as the onion cooked .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened some cabinets .
the person pulled out an onion .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person chopped off the ends of the onion .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person peeled the skins off of the onion .
the person chopped the onion into small pieces .
the person pulled out a pan .
the person set a pan on the stove .
the person poured some extra virgin olive oil into the pan .
the person put the onions in the pan .
the person stirred the onions .
the person starred at the onions for a .
the person placed an onion a cutting board .
the person peeled the onion .
the person sliced the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person placed a skillet on a stove .
the person placed some wine in the skillet .
the person scraped the dice onion into the pan .
the person stirred the onion with a spoon .
the person got an onion from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the ends off of the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person peeled the onion with his fingers .
the person chopped the onion into small cubes .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person put a frying pan on a stove .
the person got oil from the cabinet .
the person poured some oil in the pan .
the person got a wooden spoon from a drawer .
the person put the chopped onions in the frying pan .
the person let the onions cook .
the person stirred the onions .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person walked over to a wooden cupboard .
the person breifly opened a cupboard .
quickly opened another to find a partially cut onion .
the person brought the onion to the countertop .
the person placed the onion on a wooden cutting board .
the person took out a chopping knife .
the person began to cut the onion .
the person cut the onion very carefully .
the person chopped the onion slices into pieces .
the person pulled out oil , a pan , and a wooden spoon .
the person placed the frying pan on the heated stove .
the person prepared the frying pan with oil .
the person dumped the chopped onion pieces into the frying pan .
the person fried the chopped onions until the chopped onions were brown , .
the person stirred the chopped onions frequently .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person placed a cutting board on the countertop .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced up the onion on the cutting board .
the person placed a frying pan on the range .
the person removed a bottle from the cabinets .
the person poured some of the contents into the frying pan .
the person transferred some of the onion to the frying pan .
the person stirred some of the onion with a wooden utensil .
the person leaned on the counter .
the person waited for the onion to cook .
the person spoke to someone in front of him .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person searched in the cabinets for an onion .
the person got the onion out of the cabinet .
the person placed the onion on the counter .
the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person removed a frying pan .
the person turned the stove top on .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person turned to the cabinets again .
the person got olive oil .
the person poured a small amount into the pan , .
the person swirled the pan around evenly .
the person used a wooden spoon to place the onions in the pan .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person placed an onion on the counter .
they retrieved a cutting board .
they placed the onion on the cutting board .
they cut the onion with a knife .
they peeled part of the onion apart .
the the person cut the onion into smaller slices .
the person cut the onion into very tiny pieces .
the person turned the stove on .
they placed a pan onto the stove .
they retrieved vegetable oil .
the person placed some vegetable oil in the pan .
the person placed the chopped onions into the pan .
they stirred the onions in the pan using a spatula .
the person mixed the onions with the vegetable oil for a .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed one onion from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a knife out of the drawer .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person removed a skillet from the drawer .
the person removed a bottle of oil out of the cabinet .
the person poured oil into the skillet .
the person removed a wooden spoon out of the drawer .
the person fried the diced onions in the skillet .
the person got an onion .
the person put an onion on a cutting board .
the person cut the ends off the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person removed the peel of the onion .
the person chopped the onion into fine pieces .
the person put some oil in a pan on the stove .
the person put the finely chopped onions in the pan .
the person stirred the onions .
the onions cooked .
the onions become darker .
the person removed an onion from the pantry .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends of the onion .
the person removed the ends of the onion .
the person removed the outer skin from both pieces of onion .
the person diced each piece of onion .
the person first cut the onion lengthwise .
the person turned the onion .
the person sliced the onion in the opposite direction .
the person turned on the stove .
a the person placed a pan on the cook top .
the person put a small amount of oil into the skillet .
the person put the diced onion into the oiled pan .
the person stirred the onion continuously with a wooden spatula .
three minutes the person lowered the heat .
the person cooked the onion for another three minutes .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a mango from the refrigerator , and a cutting board .
the person washed the mango .
the person took out a knife .
the person sliced around the middle of the mango .
the person removed half of the skin in one piece , .
sliced wedges from the fruit .
the person diced the wedges into smaller pieces .
the person took out a plate , .
the person diced these pieces as well .
the person took out a larger plate .
the person cut some of the larger ones to make them smaller .
the person put the pieces on the plate , .
the person sprinkled a spice on top of the pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the mango .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the mango horizontally around the middle seed .
the person slid the skin off .
the person sliced the mango horizontally around the middle seed .
the person sliced the mango vertically removing it in pieces .
the person cut the removed skin in small pieces .
the person cut the removed pieces into smaller pieces .
the person grabbed a plate from a cabinet .
the person sliced the skin from the other half of the mango in medium size pieces .
the person cut the sliced pieces into a smaller size .
the person threw the mango seed in the trash .
the person grabbed a bigger place from the cabinet .
the person cut some of the bigger pieces in smaller bited .
the person sprinkled salt and pepper on the mango .
the person grabbed a fork from a drawer .
the person put a fork on the plate .
the person went into the kitchen , .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out an apple mango .
the person took the price tag .
the person threw the price tag in the trash bin .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a chopping board .
the person turned on the faucet .
the person rinsed the apple mango .
the person placed the apple mango on top of the chopping board , .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the apple mango in half , .
the person separated the apple mango from the other half .
the person started to cut the mango flesh away from the seed .
the person proceeded to cut the apple mango 's skin in cubes .
the person walked towards a cabinet , .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a saucer .
the person placed a saucer to the chopping board .
the person proceeded to cut the other half of the apple mango away from the seed .
the person started to cut the rest of the apple mango into cube like sizes .
the person threw away the seed into the trash bin .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed a plate beside the chopping board .
the person proceeded to put all the pieces onto the plate .
the person sprinkled salt and pepper onto the chopped mangoes .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a fork .
the person placed a fork on the plate .
the person took a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed a mango .
the person cut all around the central surface of the mango by turning it around cutting , deep enough to reach the seed .
the person pulled apart one half of the mango so cut by twisting it just a bit .
the person made around three to four cut into the exposed half of the mango by turning it all around cutting .
these cut reached up to the seed .
the person shaved off pieces of this half of the mango lengthwise .
the person diced up each piece into around one centimeter squares .
the person picked up the part which he had pulled off earlier .
the person cut the part which he had pulled off earlier into around five discs along with the skin .
the person chopped up these discs into roughly one centimeter square pieces .
the person cut the other half mango , around the seed , into three to four vertical pieces .
the person diced these pieces similarly .
the person discarded the seed .
the person took the entire diced mango on to a plate .
the person sprinkled some salt and one other spice over the diced mango .
the person kept a fork by the side of a plate .
the person took a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled off a sticker from the mango .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person put the fruit on top of a cutting board .
the person proceeded to cut the mango into pieces .
the person was cutting , .
once the person finished cutting the fruit .
the person got a bowl out of a cabinet .
the person threw the pit away in the trash .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet , .
the person slid the pieces of mango onto a plate .
the person looked around the kitchen .
the person grabbed some spices or seasonings .
the person sprinkled some on top of the pieces of fruit .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a mango from the fridge .
the person removed a sticker from the mango .
the person threw a sticker out .
the person placed the mango on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the mango .
the person placed the mango on the cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the mango shell in half .
the person proceeded to cut the inside and outer shell of the mango into small pieces .
the person took out a small bowl from the cabinet .
the person placed a small bowl on the counter .
the person cut up the rest of the mango into small pieces .
the person took out a plate .
the person used the knife to slide a couple mango pieces onto a plate .
the person cut the pieces of mango on the board into smaller pieces .
the person put the smaller pieces on the plate .
the person looked around the room .
the person found two spices which he poured onto the plate of mango .
the person stirred up that plate of mango with a fork .
the person threw away an unwanted piece which he had placed in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a mango from the fridge .
the person put a cutting board onto the counter .
the person washed the mango .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the mango in half on the cutting board .
before chopping the mango into smaller chunks .
the person took out a small plate from the cabinet .
before continuing to cut up the mango .
the person threw away the mango 's pit .
the person took out a larger plate from the cabinet .
the person slid most of the mango chunks onto the larger plate .
the person found salt and pepper on a spice rack and sprinkled the salt and pepper onto the mango .
the person took out a fork .
the person put a fork onto the mango plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a mango from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person rinsed the mango .
the person cut the mango in half .
the person chopped the mango into pieces .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person continued to slice the mango into pieces .
the person threw away the core of the mango .
the person got another plate from the cabinet .
the person transferred the mango from the cutting board to the plate .
the person added seasoning to the plate of mango .
the person got a fork from the drawer .
the person put a fork on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person peeled off the sticker , .
the person got out a cutting board from the cupboard .
the person rinsed the mango off in the sink .
the person selected a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the mango down the middle .
the person twisted the halves apart .
the person began awkwardly slicing the flesh from the half containing the pit .
the person chopped the other half of the mango with the skin still on .
the person got a small bowl out of the cabinet .
the person returned to massacring the mango .
the person threw away the pit .
the person searched for a plate .
the person pushed some of the mango onto the plate .
the person once again went back to massacring what was left on the cutting board .
before putting the rest on the plate .
the person spiced the mango on the plate .
his snack complete , .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person added a fork to the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the mango off in the sink .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the mango in half .
the person sliced the mango into pieces .
the person retrieved a small saucer out of the cabinet .
the person chopped the rest of the mango into pieces .
the person threw the mango core into the trash .
the person took a larger plate out of the cabinet .
the person put the chopped mango pieces onto the larger plate .
the person sprinkled salt and another spice from the spice rack onto the mango pieces .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person placed a fork on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer in the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a mango .
the person placed the mango on the counter .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person rinsed off the mango .
the person placed the mango on the cutting board .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person cut the mango in half around the seed .
the person pulled the mango apart .
the person began to cut the meat from the seed .
the person continued to cut the mango into smaller pieces with the skin still on the mango .
the person was done cutting up the pieces of mango , .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person transferred the pieces of mango onto a plate .
the person proceeded to season the chunks of mango .
the person removed a mango from the fridge .
the person placed the mango on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the mango .
the used a knife to slice the mango .
the person put the mango on a plate .
the person added seasoning to the mango .
the person got a mango from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the mango in a sink .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the skin off the half the mango .
the person cut the flesh from half the mango .
the person sliced the other half of the mango .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person sliced the mango into small chunks .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the mango on the bigger plate .
the person put salt and pepper on the mango .
the person removed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the mango in the sink .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the mango down the middle .
the person pulled the top part of the mango off .
the person sliced the mango off the pit .
the person sliced the mango into smaller pieces .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person threw the pit into the garbage .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the mango slices onto the plate .
the person added spices to the mango pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a mango from the refrigerator .
the person set the mango on the counter .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the mango .
the person placed the mango on the cutting board .
the person took a knife .
the person scored the mango in the middled .
the person removed one end of the skin .
the person cut the flesh away from the pit .
the person cut the peel into strips .
the person diced the strips .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person cut the remain half of the mango into diced .
the person discarded the pit into the waste bin .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person transferred the mango to the plate .
the person set the cutting board aside .
the person looked around the kitchen , .
the person took salt from the spice rack .
the person salted the mango .
the person added another spice .
the person took a fork from the drawer .
the person placed on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a mango out of the fridge .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer , .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed off the mango .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the mango up on the cutting board .
the person walked to the cupboard , .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person continued to cut the mango into pieces .
the person threw away the seed .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person placed a scrap piece of mango in the other plate .
the person scrapped some of the mango into the plate .
the person continued to cut up the rest of the mango .
the person scrapped the mango off of the cutting board and into the plate .
the person placed the knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person took a bottle of seasoning from the rack .
the person sprinkled the seasoning on the mango .
the person placed the bottle of seasoning back in the rack .
the person took another bottle of seasoning from the rack , .
the person sprinkled the bottle of seasoning on the mango 's , .
the person placed the bottle back in the rack .
the person took a fork out of the drawer .
the person put a fork in the plate of mango 's .
the person took the scrap piece of mango .
the person placed the scrap piece of mango in the garbage .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a mango .
the person took a cutting board from under the counter .
the person washed the mango .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the mango through the center .
the person removed the top of the skin .
the person cut some of the meat from the pit .
the person cut the removed skin into pieces .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the rest of the mango from the pit .
the person cut the mango into small pieces .
the person threw the pit away .
the person got another plate from the cabinet .
the person used the knife to scrape the mango onto the plate .
the person added some spices to the mango .
the person added some spices to the mango .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a mango from the refrigerator .
the person removed a sticker from the mango .
the person discarded a stiker .
the person rinsed the mango in the sink .
the person placed the mango on a cutting board .
the person cut the outer skin of the mango in half with a large knife .
the person pulled a half of skin off of the mango .
the person used the knife to remove the soft mango fruit from its hard center .
the person sliced the discarded mango skin into cubes .
the person cut away the mango fruit from the core of the second half .
the person sliced this half into chunks .
the person discarded the hard center of the mango .
the person placed the squares of mango and mango skin onto a plate .
the person added seasoning to the plate of mango .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a mango .
the person peeled the sticker off of a mango , .
the person threw the sticker in the trash .
the person got a cutting board out from under the sink , .
the person gave the mango a rinse in the sink .
the person ran a knife around the outside of the mango , .
the person pulled half the skin off .
the person cut the flesh off from around the pit very carefully .
the person diced some of the flesh into smaller pieces .
the person took the skin he pulled off earlier , .
the person sliced the skin into large rings .
the person sliced the rings into small pieces .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took out a bowl .
the person sliced the flesh off the mango pit , .
the person diced the flesh into small pieces .
the person threw away the pit .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
except one piece which the person put in the bowl .
the person scraped all the mango into the plate , .
the person took salt and another seasoning .
the person sprinkled both on the mangoes .
the person put a fork to the plate of mango .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a bag with chili from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person grabbed two chilies from the bag .
the person put the rest in the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the chilies .
the person grabbed one chili .
the person cut off the stem .
the person cut the chili in small pieces .
the person grabbed the second chili .
the person cut off the stem .
the person put the pieces from the first chili on the plate .
the person cut the second chili into pieces .
the person put the pieces from the second chili on the plate .
the person threw the stemmed in the garbage .
the person cleaned the knife and the cutting board .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed packaged chilli pepper out the fridge .
the person grabbed a white plate out the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate using the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person placed two chilli peppers onto the plate .
the placed the rest in the fridge .
the person rinsed the chilli pepper using the sink .
the person sliced the chilli peppers into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person placed the sliced chilli peppers onto the white plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person removed a bag of chilies from the refrigerator .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed a plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed two chilies from the bag .
the person placed the rest in the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the chilies in the sink .
the person cut the chilies into many slices .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person threw out a few slices of chili .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife in the drawer .
the person went directly to the fridge .
the person took out a plastic bag .
from the cabinet the person got a plate , .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife , .
the person removed two chilies from the bag .
the rest of the chilies went back in the fridge .
the person washed the chilies in the sink -lrb- on the plate -rrb- .
the person carefully sliced the chilies .
the person moved the now-chopped chilies back to the plate .
the person rinsed his hands , .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person put the cutting board and knife away , .
the person took out a bag of chili from the fridge .
the person placed a bag of chili on the counter .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed a plate .
the person took out a cutting board and also a knife .
the person placed two pieces of chili on the plate .
the person put the rest of the chili in the bag into the fridge .
the person washed the chili on the plate .
the person placed the first chili on the cutting board .
the person sliced the first chili into pieces .
the person did put the small pieces on the plate .
the person used the cutting board and knife to slice the second piece of chili into small pieces .
the person put those sliced pieces of chili on the plate .
the person threw out the unwanted pieces .
the person washed the knife and plate .
the person put the knife and plate away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a several chili .
the person took out a plate .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed the chili in the sink .
the person cut off the end of the chili .
the person sliced the chili into small slices .
the person put the sliced chili onto the plate .
the person disposed of the ends of the chili .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a bag of chilli 's from the fridge .
the person set the bag on the counter .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person washed the plate in the sink .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person opened the bag of chilli 's .
the person selected two chilies .
the person put the two peppers on the plate .
the person put the rest of the chilli 's back in the fridge .
the person washed the chillies on the plate .
the person cut the stemmed off of the chilli 's .
the person cut the chillies into slices .
the person put the chilli on the plate .
the person threw away the chilli stemmed .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took chilli packet from refrigerator .
the person took a plate from shelf .
the person took a pad and knife from drawer .
the person took two chillies from chilli cover .
the person replaced chilli cover .
the person cleaned chillies with water .
the person did cut the chilies into pieces .
the person put those chillies in plate .
the person cleaned pad and knife with water , .
the person replaced the pad and knife in drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a package of peppers from the fridge .
the person washed a plate in the sink .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person selected two peppers from the package .
the person returned the package to the refrigerator .
the person cut the peppers crosswise .
the person placed the peppers on the plate .
the person washed his hands and utensils .
last , the person replaced the knife and cutting board in the drawer .
the person took a bag of chillies from a fridge , .
the person collected a plate from a cupboard .
the person washed the plate , .
before selecting a small chopping board and a knife .
the person took out two chillies .
the person returned the bag to the fridge .
the person washed the chillies .
the person placed each one of the chilies in turn on the chopping board .
the person cut off the end .
the person sliced the chilli into small pieces .
the person discarded the stem ended , .
the person washed the knife and board .
the person put away the knife and board .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed a bag of peppers from the refrigerator .
the person placed the bag on the counter .
the person removed a plate from a cabinet at the rear of the kitchen .
the person washed the plate in the sink .
the person selected a knife and wooden cutting board from the drawers underneath the counter top .
the person selected two peppers from the bag .
the person returned the bag to the refrigerator .
the person washed the peppers in the sink .
the person placed the peppers on the cutting board .
the person cut the peppers into rings .
the person placed the cut peppers on the plate .
the person threw away the stemmed of the peppers .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board , .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plastic bag from the refrigerator .
the person got out a plate .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person got two chili peppers from the bag , .
the person put two chili peppers on the plate .
the person washed the chilis in the sink .
the person put one chili on the cutting board , .
the person cut the stem off .
the person cut the chili into small pieces .
the person put the second chili on the cutting board .
the person cut the stem off .
the person poured the chili on the plate .
the person cut the chili into small pieces .
the person put the cut chili on the plate , .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person grabbed some chili .
the person placed the chili on the counter .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person washed the plate .
the person took out a knife .
the person put the chili on a plate .
the person washed the chili on the plate .
the person diced the chili on a cutting board .
the person put the diced chili on a plate .
the person threw away the excess .
the person washed his hands .
the person cleaned up his area .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator , .
the person looked inside one of the drawers , .
the person shut the drawer .
the person took a plastic bag out of the refrigerator , .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person set the bag down .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person took out a dish .
the person washed the dish .
the person set the dish on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of a drawer .
the person took two chili peppered out of the bag , .
the person set two chili peppers onto the dish .
the person put the bag back into the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the chilies along with the dish , .
the person set the chilies along with the dish back onto the counter .
the person chopped the chilies on the cutting board with the knife .
the person put the chopped pieces of chili back onto the plate .
the person threw away the the stemmed of the chilies that he had cut off .
the person rinsed off the cutting board and the knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife back into the drawer without drying them first .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a bag of chili peppers and a plate .
the person washed the plate , .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person took out two peppers from the bag , .
the person put the bag back in the refrigerator .
the person washed the peppers in the sink .
the person cut off the stem of the peppers , .
the person diced the peppers .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person took out two chilli peppers from the refrigerator .
the person placed two chilli peppers on the counter .
the person brought out a plate from a cabinet .
the person washed the plate .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person laid the chilli peppers on the plate .
the person rinsed the peppers in the sink .
the person cut numerous round slices of chilli on the board .
the person put the slices on the dish .
the person washed the utensils he had used .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bag of chilies from the fridge .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed a plate at the sink .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person took two chilies out of the bag .
the person put the bag back in the fridge .
the person rinsed the chilies .
the person cut the ends off on the cutting board .
the person cut the chilies into small pieces .
the person put the sliced chilies on the plate .
the person threw away the ends of the chilies .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got peppers .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person washed the plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person pulled two peppers out .
the person put two peppers on the plate .
the person returned the other peppers to the refrigerator .
the person washed the peppers on the plate .
the person cut one pepper into small pieces .
the person put one pepper on the plate .
the person cut the other pepper into small pieces .
the person put the other pepper on the plate .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person washed the board and knife , .
the person put the board and knife away .
the person got a bag of chili peppers out of the refrigerator .
the person got a plate out of the pantry .
the person washed the plate in the sink .
the person got a cutting board from one drawer and a knife from another .
the person took two chili peppered out of the bag .
the person placed two chili peppers on the plate .
the person put the other chili peppers back in the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the chili peppers on the plate off in the sink .
the person cut the top off one chili pepper .
the person sliced one chili pepper into small pieces .
the person put the pieces on the plate with the other chili pepper .
the person sliced the second pepper into pieces .
the person put the second pepper on the plate .
the person threw the chili pepper tops in the trash .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the knife off .
the person put the cutting board and the knife away .
the person went into the fridge .
the person got chilies .
the person up the chilies on the counter .
the person got out a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took the chili out of the bag .
the person put the chili on a plate .
the person put the chilies back in the fridge .
the person washed the chilies .
the person chopped up the chili .
the person put the chili on the plate .
the person threw the trash away .
the person cleaned off the cutting board .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled the broccoli out the fridge .
the person sliced the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person placed the broccoli on a white plate .
the person poured water into a pot using the sink .
the person placed the pot on the stove to cook .
the person pulled butter out the fridge to place in the bowl .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person poured the pot of broccoli into a strainer .
the person placed a frying pan onto the stove .
the person melted the butter using the frying pan .
the person began chopping up the broccoli into smaller sizes .
the person finished cutting up what he needed .
the person placed the remaining broccoli in the fridge .
the person started prepared broccoli .
the person set up his counter with items he would need the broccoli was done .
the person checked on the broccoli several times .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person cleaned up the pot in the sink with soap and water .
the person got a frying pan out .
the person melted butter in a frying pan .
the person took broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person got out a knife , cutting board and plate .
the person removed plastic wrap from the broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person put a few pieces of broccoli on the plate .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person cut the stem off .
the person threw the stem in the garbage .
the person cut a few pieces of broccoli from the stem .
the person put half of the broccoli back in the refrigerator .
the person took out a pot with a lid .
the person rinsed a pot with a lid in the sink .
the person put water in the pot .
the person added the broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli on the stove .
the person got out a bowl , colander , spoon , cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person put a bowl , colander , spoon , cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person drained the broccoli in the colander .
the person rinsed off the utensils .
the person put the utensils back up .
the person melted butter in a skilled .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person retrieved broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person placed the broccoli on the counter .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person cut the plastic off of the broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces of broccoli on to the plate .
the person placed the large remaining piece of broccoli back in the refrigerator .
the person placed the cutting board back in the cupboard .
the person got a large container with a lid .
the person filled a large container with water .
the person placed the pieces of broccoli into the container .
the person put the lid on the container .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed the container on the stove .
the person placed a large bowl , a plate , a spoon , a cutting board , and a knife on the counter .
the person poured the broccoli into a strainer .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person prepared the pan with butter .
the person got broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the got a plate from the cupboard .
the person cut some smaller pieces off of the broccoli it was still partially in a plastic bag .
the person put all of the smaller pieces onto the plate .
the person removed the plastic .
the person threw the plastic away .
the person cut the rest of the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person filled a pot with some water .
the person put the broccoli into the pot .
the person put the pot on a hot stove .
the person cut a pat of butter .
the person put a pat of butter in a bowl .
the person drained the steamed broccoli in a colander .
the person put the steamed broccoli in a large bowl .
the person used a pan to melt the butter on the stove .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a stem of broccoli from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person placed the cut broccoli .
the person cut half of the stem of broccoli .
the person replaced the remaining broccoli in the fridge .
the person arranged the cut broccoli on a plate .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person removed a spoon from the drawer .
the person removed butter from the fridge .
the person removed a pan from the cabinet .
the person removed a skillet from the cabinet .
the person placed oil in the skillet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got out a plate .
the person opened the broccoli package .
the person removed the plastic , .
the person began cutting the broccoli .
the person placed cut florets on the plate .
the person was done , he put the remaining uncut broccoli in the refrigerator .
the person threw the scraps away .
the person scraped the board into the garbage .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person put the utensils away .
the person arranged the broccoli on the plate .
the person got out a pot .
the person washed a pot .
before the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the florets in the pot .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person cooked the broccoli on the stove .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person melted butter in a pan .
the person removed some broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut some florets from the broccoli .
the person got a pot and lid from a drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the broccoli in the pot .
the person cooked the broccoli on the stove .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person got some butter from the refrigerator .
the person cut some butter .
the person placed some butter in the bowl .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person got a pan from a drawer .
the person melted the butter in the pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed the plastic wrap from the broccoli .
the person sliced a chunk from the broccoli .
the person cut that chunk into smaller pieces .
the person cut the florets from the head of broccoli .
the person took a saucepan and lid from the drawer .
the person filled the pan halfway with water .
the person put the broccoli into the pan of water .
the person covered the pan with the lid .
the person turned on the stove top burner .
the person took some butter from the refrigerator .
the person cut a small slice from the butter .
the person added a small slice of butter to the pan of broccoli .
the person opened the refrigerator , .
the person got some broccoli out , .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut up the broccoli into smaller pieces , .
the person got rid of the largest part of the stalk .
the person got a pot out from the sink , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the broccoli into a pot .
the person put the pot onto the stove .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person was boiling the broccoli , .
the person got out some butter from the fridge .
the person cut a small piece of butter .
the person put a small piece of butter into a bowl .
once the broccoli was finished , the person strained it in the sink .
the person washed the pot the broccoli had been boiling in .
the person put the pan onto the hot stove .
the person put the butter into a pan .
the person stirred , he melted the butter .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person removed broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person placed the broccoli on the counter .
the person got out a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person removed the plastic wrap from the broccoli , .
the person chopped the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person removed the stem and plastic .
the person threw the stem and plastic in the trash can .
the person continued to chop the broccoli .
the person put the remaining broccoli back in to the refrigerator .
the person cleaned the cutting board off into the trash can .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person arranged the broccoli on the plate .
the person got out a pot , .
the person rinsed the pot in the sink , .
the person filled the pot part of the way with water .
the person placed the broccoli in the water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got out a bowl and colander .
the person got out the cutting board , a knife and a block of butter .
the person cut the butter .
the person put the butter into the bowl .
the person washed the knife .
the person put the knife and the cutting board away .
the person checked the broccoli .
the person used the colander to strain out the water .
the person washed the pot .
the person put away the pot , .
the person removed a skillet from the drawer .
the person put the skillet on the stove , .
the person placed the butter in the skillet .
the person stirred the butter as the butter melted .
the person walked into the kitchen .
first , the person removed broccoli from the refrigerator , .
the person laid out a cutting board , a knife , and a small plate .
the person procured his tools .
the person chopped the broccoli , .
the person set the broccoli on the plate .
the person put the rest of the broccoli back , .
the person cleaned up the utensils he had used .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person put out the broccoli on the stove to boil .
whilst waiting for the vegetable to become tender , .
the person pulled out butter and seasonings , a skillet and a colander .
the person cleaned up .
the person drained the broccoli into the colander , .
throughly washed the pot .
the person put the skillet on low heat .
the person melted the butter , .
the person got broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person sliced the broccoli headed off of the stem .
the person put half of the broccoli back in the fridge .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in a sink .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person got a pot with a lid from a drawer .
the person added some water to the pot .
the person put the broccoli in the water .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got a strainer from the drawer .
the person strained the broccoli in the strainer .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person put the pan on the stove .
the person put butter in the pan .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a large piece of broccoli from the fridge .
the person dissected a large piece of broccoli , .
the person placed the broccoli headed into a bowl .
the person threw away the stem .
the person examined the broccoli heads .
the person turned the broccoli headed to a particular side .
the person pulled out a large pot .
the person filled a large pot with water from the kitchen sink .
the person filled the large pot with the broccoli .
the person placed the large pot on the burner .
the person pulled out some butter from the fridge .
the person removed a small portion of butter using a knife .
the person placed the butter in a separate small bowl .
the person stirred the broccoli around a bit .
the person went over to the spice rack .
the person took what appeared to be salt and pepper .
the person took the pot off the burner .
the person drained the pot .
the person thoroughly cleaned the pot .
the person placed the pot away .
the person pulled out a frying pan from the drawer .
the person placed a frying pan on the burner .
the person melted down the butter .
the person stirred the butter .
the cook selected a head of broccoli , a small knife , and a cutting board .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person cut off two florets , or bunches , .
the person cut the pieces of broccoli until the pieces were about two inches big .
the person cut off the stalks .
the person took out a large pot .
the person filled a large pot up with water about halfway .
the person placed the pieces of broccoli in the pot .
the person put a lid on the pot .
the person turned on the stovetop , .
the person placed the pot on the burner , .
the person took out a small ceramic bowl , a colander , a spoon , and a plate .
the person set a small ceramic bowl , a colander , a spoon , and a plate on the counter .
the person grabbed some butter , .
the person cut off a portion of butter , .
the person placed a portion of butter in the bowl .
the person stirred the pot of broccoli with a wooden spoon .
the person selected two spices .
the person took the lid off the pot , .
the person placed the colander in the sink , .
the person drained the pot of broccoli into the colander .
the cook took out a large saucepan .
the person placed a large saucepan on the stovetop burner .
the person put the butter into the saucepan .
the person selected a third spice .
the person stirred the butter to coat the bottom of the pan evenly .
the person took out another , smaller spoon .
the person removed broccoli from the fridge .
the person placed cutting board and a plate on the counter .
the person sliced the broccoli on the board .
the person placed the remains in the fridge .
the washed off the board and the knife .
the person placed the cutting board back into the drawer .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the broccoli into the water .
the person washed the plate clean .
the person placed that pot on the stove .
the person took out a bowl .
the person placed a bowl in on the counter .
the person also placed a strainer on the counter .
the person placed a fork on the plate .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person sliced a stick of butter .
the person placed the rest in the fridge .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person drained the broccoli using the strainer .
the person melted the butter in a skillet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some broccoli , a knife and a cutting board from under the counter and a plate from the pantry .
the person cut the plastic off the broccoli .
the person cut half the broccoli into pieces .
the person put the unused broccoli back in the fridge .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person rinsed a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the cut broccoli in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person set out a bowl , colander and spoon .
the person also got a knife and cutting board .
the person got some butter from the fridge .
the person cut a piece off .
the person put the butter in the bowl .
the person put away the rest .
the person washed the knife .
the person put the knife away with the cutting board .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person stirred the broccoli .
the person put some spices on the counter .
the person drained the broccoli using the colander .
the person washed the pot .
the person got a pan .
the person put the butter in a pan .
the person put some spices on the counter .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person set a spoon on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened a refrigerator .
the person took out some broccoli .
the person set some broccoli on the counter .
the person opened some drawers .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person picked up a plate from the shelves .
the person cut off the plastic around the broccoli .
the person separated the branches .
the person threw away stray broccoli leaved .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person returned the knife and cutting board to their respective drawers .
the person removed a pot from a drawer .
the person washed the pot , .
the person poured water into the pot , .
the person placed the broccoli in the pot .
the person turned on his stove .
the person placed the pot of broccoli on the stove to boil .
the person took out two bowled , a spoon , a knife , a cutting board , and butter .
the person cut off a slice of butter .
the person returned the butter to the refrigerator .
the broccoli finished boiling , the person emptied the water .
the person placed the broccoli in a bowl .
the person entered his kitchen .
the person took a plastic-wrapped head of broccoli from his fridge , .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person used the knife to help cut the plastic , .
the person cut off a few florets at a time .
the person began cutting the broccoli , .
the person placed the florets onto the plate .
the person cut off the stem , .
both of the plastic and the stem the person threw away .
the person continued cutting florets off of the broccoli .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person washed a large pot , .
the person filled a large pot partway with water , .
the person put the broccoli inside .
the person started cooking the broccoli on his stove .
the person took out a strainer , bowl , and spoon , along with the knife and cutting board again .
the person took out some butter from the fridge .
the person added a slice of butter to the bowl .
the person put the cutting board away , .
the person checked the broccoli , .
the person washed a wooden spoon .
the person grabbed salt and pepper from his spice rack , .
the person strained the broccoli in the sink .
the person set the broccoli aside .
the person washed the pot .
the person put the pot away , .
the person placed a pan on the stove with some butter , .
the person removed a head of broccoli .
individually wrapped head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person cut a head of broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person put the smaller pieces in a pot of water on the stove .
the person retrieved butter from the refrigerator .
the person cut off a piece of butter .
throughout the process the person rinsed the dishes and utensils .
the person put away the dishes and utensils .
the person also got some spices from the rack on the counter .
the broccoli was done the person drained it in the sink .
the person left the broccoli in the strainer .
throughout the process the person rinsed the dishes and utensils .
the person put away the dishes and utensils .
the person melted butter in a pan .
the person fetched some herbs from the fridge in a plastic bag .
the person got out a chopping board and a knife .
the person took some herbs from the bag .
the person picked some other herbs that were growing in a pot on the side of the sink , chives .
the person cut the stem off the first herbs .
the person cut up the chives .
finely chopped the first herbs , .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
before fetching a bowl for the herbs .
the person put the plastic bag of herbs back in the fridge .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took fresh herbs in a plastic bag out of the refrigerator , .
the person placed the fresh herbs on the counter , .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person took out a wooden cutting board .
a knife , .
the person removed a large sprig of the herbs from the bag .
the person rinsed a large sprig of the herbs under the faucet .
the person placed a large sprig of the herbs on the cutting board .
the person rinsed two sprigs of some herbs .
the person placed two sprigs of some herbs on the cutting board with the other herbs .
the person cut the stalk off of the herbs from the refrigerator , .
the person set the herbs aside , .
the person began finely chopped the leaves .
the person cut off the etiolated portion of the stalks of the herbs from beside the sink , .
the person set those portions aside , .
finely chopped the remainder .
the person chopped the first set of herbs a little bit finer , .
the person scraped the bits of herb off the knife blade with one hand , .
the person rinsed his hands , .
the person dried his hands with a dishtowel .
the person removed a small bowl from a cabinet , .
the person plced a small bowl on the counter , .
the person scraped the chopped herbs into the bowl with the knife .
the person placed the cutting board and knife on the counter , .
the person threw the waste bits of herb in the trash , .
the person put the herbs from the refrigerator away , .
the person brushed his hands off over the trash can .
the person went to stand by the bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out some herbs , a cutting board and knife .
the person unwrapped the herbs , .
the person washed a stem in the sink .
the person took another herb from a different pile .
the person diced the leafy portion of the herb , .
the person diced the stem .
the person added the stem to the pile .
the person washed his hands , .
the person took out a bowl .
the person scraped the herbs into the bowl , using the knife .
the person wrapped the herbs back up .
the person put the herbs in the refrigerator .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed herbs out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person sliced the herbs into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person washed his hands using the sink .
the person grabbed a white bowl out the cabinet .
the person placed the little pieces of herbs into the white bowl .
the person tossed leftover herbs into the garbage .
the person placed the rest of the packaged herbs back into the fridge .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person took some herbs from the package .
the person rinsed some herbs .
the person took some herbs from the potted herbs on the counter .
the person put the potted herbs on the cutting board .
the person cut the stemmed off the herbs .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person poured the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person threw away the herb stem .
the person put away the leftover herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took some herbs out of the bag .
the person washed some herbs .
the person took some herbs out of a potted plant .
the person washed some herbs .
the person chopped the bagged herb on the cutting board .
the person chopped the potted herb on the cutting board .
the person mixed the herbs together .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person put the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person cleaned the knife on the edge of the cutting board .
the person discarded the debris .
the person put the bagged herbs back in the refrigerator .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed a bag of cilantro .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person placed a few sprigs of cilantro onto the board .
the person took a couple fresh chive sprigs , .
the person washed a couple fresh chive sprigs , .
the person placed a couple fresh chive sprigs on the cutting board as well .
the person chopped the leaved of the cilantro into small pieces .
the person cut the ends of of the chives .
the person chopped the rest in with the cilantro .
the person rinsed his hands .
peaked in a couple of cabinets .
until the person found a bowl .
the person slid the herbs into the bowl with his knife .
the person threw the stemmed away in the trashcan under the counter , .
the person placed the bag of cilantro back into the refrigerator .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a bunch of kale .
the person opened the drawer beneath the counter .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife .
the person opened the package of kale , .
the person removed one stalk .
the person washed one stalk .
the person plucked a few stemmed of chives from a plant near the sink .
the person cut the top off , .
the person ran the knife through the bunch of kale leaved .
the person chopped up the chives as well .
the person washed his hands .
the person got a bowl from the pantry .
the person scraped the greens into the bowl , .
the person tossed the stem into the trash .
the person repackaged the kale .
the person put the kale back into the fridge .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board , and knife .
the person closed the drawer .
the person pulled out what he needed to use from the herbs , .
the person rinsed the herbs off in the sink .
the person turned off the sink .
the person placed the herbs on the chopping board .
the person took more of the herbs .
the person sliced the herbs .
the person sliced the herbs as well .
the person combined the herbs , .
the person wiped off his hands .
the person turned the sink on .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person turned the sink off .
the person dried his hands off .
the person opened up the cabinet .
the person removed a bowl .
the person placed the herbs in the bowl .
the person cleaned up the rest of what he had out .
the person gathered a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person placed a bag of herbs on the counter .
the person retrieved a long knife and cutting board .
the person placed a long knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person pulled a stalk of the herb from the bag .
the person rinsed a stalk of the herb .
the person removed some blades of herb from a nearby potted herb .
the person rinsed these blades as well .
the person cut the herb leaved from the stalk of the first herb .
the person chopped these leaves into fine pieces .
the person removed the ends from the blades of herb he had gathered .
the person chopped these herb blades .
the person put the two types of herbs into one pile on the cutting board .
the person placed the combined herbs into a glass bowl .
the person discarded the unwanted portions of herbs .
the person put the bag of herbs back into the refrigerator .
the person got herbs from the fridge .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a bowl .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person cleaned the mess .
the person threw the mess in the trash .
the person removed herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person cut the stem off the herbs .
the person sliced the herb leaved into small pieces .
the person sliced another herb into small pieces .
the person combined the herbs .
the person continued to slice the herbs .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person put the sliced herbs in the bowl .
the person threw the scrap pieces in the garbage .
the person placed the remaining herbs back in the refrigerator .
the person grabbed some herbs from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person closed the drawer .
the person used the knife to dice the herbs .
the person wiped his hands .
the person grabbed a bowl .
the person placed the herbs in the bowl .
the person put away the things he did n't need anymore .
the person took a package of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person selected some herbs from the package .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person picked another type of herb from a container .
the person rinsed the new kind of herb .
the person chopped the leafy top of the first herbs .
the person finely cut up the second type of herb .
the person combined the herbs .
the person sliced the herbs together .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person removed a bowl from the cupboard .
the person slid the chopped herbs into a bowl .
the person threw the scraps into the trash .
the person put the package of herbs back into the fridge .
the person got herbs from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the herbs in a sink .
the person got more herbs from the counter .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person got a bowl from a cabinet .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person put the herb stemmed in the trash can .
the person put the rest of the herbs back in the fridge .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person set a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person rinsed off some of the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person carefully cut the various herbs into small pieces .
the person scraped off the herbs that were stuck to the knife .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got out a bowl .
the person used the knife to push the minced herbs into a bowl .
the person put away the unused herbs .
the person threw something away .
the person took a head of herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer and a knife out of another drawer .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person pulled two stemmed from a different kind of herb .
the person cut the stem off the initial herbs .
the person sliced the leaves with the knife .
the person cut the stem of the second kind of herb into tiny pieces .
the person finished cutting the leaves of the initial herbs .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a bowl out of the pantry .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the the person threw the scraps away .
the person put the rest of the herbs in the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out some herbs .
the person got a knife and cutting board from below the counter .
the person washed some of the herbs .
the person gathered some chives from the pot of herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person cut the chives into small pieces .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a bowl from the cabinet .
the person put the herbs into the bowl .
the person put the herbs in the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board , .
the person selected a small bunch .
the person rinsed the bunch of herb and some chives he had picked from a pot .
the person first separated the stem from the herbs .
the person chopped the leaves .
also chopping the chives , .
the person mixed the chives in with the herbs .
the person cut the mixture more finely .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
before finding a bowl in the cabinet .
the person picked up the cutting board .
the person used the knife to sweep the herb mixture into the bowl .
the person threw out the stemmed .
the person replaced the remaining herbs into the refrigerator .
the person had entered a kitchen , .
the person laid a cutting board on the counter .
the person laid a plate to the board .
the person unwrapped a red pepper .
the person cut the pepper lengthwise in half .
the person removed the core of the pepper .
the person rinsed the pepper halves under the tap .
the person sliced up the pepper .
the person cut the slices up into chunks .
the person put the chunks on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person reached into a drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer to pull out a large knife .
the person went to the cupboards in the back of the room .
the person got a plate .
the person set the plate on the counter , .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got a bagged pepper .
the person threw away the bag , .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the seeds from the inside of the pepper .
the person threw the seeds in the trash .
with the seeds removed , the person rinsed both halves of the pepper under water .
the person began slicing both halves of the pepper into strips .
they were strips , the person cut them once again to dice the pepper .
once the pepper was diced , the person moved the small chunks onto the plate he had gotten earlier .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a pepper from a refrigerator .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person pulled the seeds out of the pepper .
the person rinsed the pepper in a sink .
the person diced the pepper .
the person put the pepper on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet and a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person unwrapped the pepper .
the person discarded the wrapper in the waste bin .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person discarded the stem and seeds .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person sliced the pepper into strips .
the person diced the slices into small diced on the cutting board .
the person transferred the diced to the serving plate .
the person stepped back .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a red pepper .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the seeds .
the person disposed of the seeds .
the person rinsed the inside of the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into thin slices .
the person cut the pepper into small pieces .
the person cut the pepper slices .
the person put the diced pepper onto the plate .
the person took out a cutting board , a chopper and a plate .
the person took a red bell pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person cut a red bell pepper in half , vertically .
the person pulled out the stalk and the seeds .
the person discarded the stalk and the seeds .
the person washed both the halves thoroughly .
the person cut the first half vertically into five to six strips .
the second half too , the person cut into strips , again vertically .
the person held the vertical strips together .
the person chopped the vertical strips up into smaller pieces .
the person picked up all these pieces .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person removed a plate from the cupboard .
the person went to the refrigerator for a paper .
the person threw the plastic away .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the stem and seeds , .
the person threw the stem and seeds away .
the person rinsed off the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into slices length-wise .
the person took one half of the pepper .
the person cut one half of the pepper again into smaller pieces .
the person took half of what was left .
the person took the remaining slices .
the remaining slices and cut those into smaller pieces .
the person put all of the pepper pieces onto the plate .
the person stepped backwards .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out from the fridge a pepper wrapped in saran wrap .
the person took off the saran wrap .
the person threw the saran wrap out .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person took out the unwanted parts from each half .
the person threw the unwanted parts from each half out .
the person washed the pepper , .
the person placed the pepper back on the cutting board .
the person cut the pepper into smaller slices .
the person used the knife to put those small slices onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set out a cutting board , knife and plate .
from the fridge the person got a red pepper .
the person cut the pepper in half on the cutting board .
the person scooped out the seeds and membranes of each half .
the person threw away the seeds .
the person rinsed the halves in the sink .
on the cutting board the person sliced the pepper halved into strips and into cubes .
the person used the knife to help transfer the diced pepper to the plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the stem and seeds .
the person washed the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person cut the slices into chunks .
the person placed the chunks on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person retrieved a shallow bowl from a cupboard .
the person took a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the pepper in half .
the person removed the seeds from the pepper .
the person discarded the seeds .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper lengthwise .
the map sliced the pepper width-wise , cutting the pepper into square bits .
the person placed the chopped pepper into the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a pepper .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person pulled the seeds from the pepper .
the person washed the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into strips .
the person cut the strips into chunks .
the person gathered the pepper chunks .
the person placed the pepper chunks on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person took a plate out from the cupboard .
the person set a plate on the table .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person threw away a pepper 's bag .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed some seeds .
the person discarded the seeds .
the person brought the pepper to the sink .
the person rinsed the pepper off .
the person cut the pepper into thin slices one way , .
the person rotated the pepper .
the person chopped the pepper the other direction .
the person used the knife , he transferred the pepper pieces onto a plate .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from a kitchen drawer .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person got a red pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the pepper in half , .
the person took out the seeds by hand .
the person threw the seeds in the trash .
the person washed the pepper in the sink .
the person cut the halves into even small pieces , .
the person finished by placing the peppers onto the plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the pepper in half .
the person removed the core from the pepper .
the person rinsed both halves of the pepper in the sink .
the person sliced the pepper into small pieces .
the person placed the small pieces onto the plate .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from different drawers .
the person took a plate out of the pantry .
the person got a pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the stem and the insides with his hand .
the person rinsed the pepper halved off in the sink .
the person sliced the pepper halves with the knife .
the person cut the pepper sliced into smaller pieces .
the person put the pepper pieces on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife out of the cabinet .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person set the plate to the cutting board .
the person to the refrigerator .
the person got a red pepper from the fridge .
the person threw away the bag the pepper was in .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person pulled the seeds out .
the person threw the seeds in the garbage .
the person rinsed the pepper halves in the sink .
the person cut the halves of pepper into slices .
the person lined the slices up .
the person cut the slices into pieces crosswise .
the person put the diced pepper on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting baord , knife , and plate on the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person retreaved a red bell peper .
a red bell peper in half .
the person removed the seeds , .
the person rinsed a red bell peper with water .
the person proceeded to slice the halfs legnt-wise in 2cm strips width wise so they were little squares .
the person used the knife like a spatula transfering the items to a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed a plate .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person opened the refrigerator up .
the person removed a pepper .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person placed the pepper on the cutting board .
the person sliced the pepper in half .
the person turned on the sink .
the person rinsed the peppers off in the sink .
the person turned off the sink .
the person sliced up the pepper .
the person placed the sliced peppers on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , plate and red pepper .
the person cut the pepper in half , .
the person removed the membrane from each side .
the person threw out the membrane , .
the person washed each half of the pepper .
the person sliced each half , .
the person diced the pieces .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
first , the person pulled out all necessary tools and ingredients for what he was making .
the person began by cutting the leek .
the person washed the leek , .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person diced the leek up .
the person cut a slice of butter .
the person put a slice of butter on a pan on the stove to melt .
the person gathered four different spices .
the person placed the diced leek in the pan on top of the butter .
the person put all four on the pan .
the person tasted the leek .
the person added more spices to perfect the leek 's taste .
the person grabbed a jar of spice .
the person added a few spoonfuls of the jar of spice as well .
the person added a pinch of salt , .
the person stirred the leek , .
the person continued to saut the leek .
the person put the ingredients away .
the person put the leek in a bowl to eat .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person got leeks from a refrigerator .
the person cut the leeks open .
the person rinsed the leeks .
the person cut the leek in half length wise .
the person chopped the leek .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person got butter from a refrigerator .
the person added the butter to the pan .
the person added the leeks to the pan .
the person added spices to the pan .
the person put the leeks on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered items onto the counter top .
the person washed a leek .
the person chopped a leek .
the person turned on the range .
the person melted butter in a pan .
the person selected some spices from a rack on the counter top .
the person put the chopped leek into the pan with the butter .
the person added spices to the leek .
the person adjusted the range 's settings .
the person stirred the leek .
the person tasted the leek .
the person added more spices .
the person added salt to the leek .
the person stirred again .
the person added water and another ingredient to the leek .
the person stirred the leek .
the person added more salt .
the person returned the spice containers to their rack .
the person turned off the range .
the person put the leek in a bowl .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person removed a piece of leek from the fridge .
the person removed the ends from the leek .
the person washed the leek .
the person chopped the leek .
the person added butter to a skillet .
the person melted the butter over the stove .
the person added the leek to the skillet .
the person let the skillet simmer .
the person added seasonings .
the person stirred the leek .
the person tasted the leek .
the person continued to stir the leek .
seasoning to the leek .
the person put the prepared leek on a plate .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife .
the person grabbed leek out the fridge .
the person placed the leek on the cutting board .
the person sliced the leek into pieces .
the person grabbed a frying pan .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person grabbed a stick of butter out the fridge .
the person melted the butter using the frying pan .
the person placed the little pieces of leek into the frying pan .
the person placed other ingredients into the frying pan .
the person placed a small amount of salt into his hand .
the person put a small amount of salt in the pan and more of the box spice .
the person placed all the ingridients back into the cabinets .
the person placed the leek onto a white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a chopping knife , and a cutting board .
the person walked over to the fridge , .
the person opened the fridge .
the person grabbed out a leek .
the person carried the leek over to the counter , .
the person set the leek on the cutting board .
the person began separating the waste from the desired pieces of the leek with the knife .
the person washed the remaining leek off in the sink .
the person cut the bottom off the leek , .
the person split the leek down the middle .
the person chopped the leek up .
the person pulled out a frying pan .
the person went to the fridge .
the person grabbed what looked like butter , .
the person added the butter to the pan .
the person added leek to the hot pan .
the person pulled a wooden spatula , and a fork out of a drawer .
the person went over to the spice rack .
the person grabbed three spices , .
the person added some spices to the pot .
the person stirred the pot contents around .
the person tasted the leek with the fork .
the person added more spices to the pot , .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person grabbed out what looked to be salt , .
the person added a little bit to the pan .
the person grabbed a glass .
the person added water to a glass .
the person grabbed another spice .
the person added another spice to the pan as well .
the person did a final stir .
the person tasted the leek .
the quickly put everything back where the person got it from .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person dished up the leek .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person grabbed a leek from the refrigerator .
the person cut off the top leaves .
the person sliced the top part of the leek in the middle .
the person rinsed the leek .
the person cut off the leek roots .
the person cut the leek through the middle .
the person cut the leek into small pieces .
the person grabbed a pan from a drawer .
the person grabbed oil from a cabinet .
the person put the oil back .
the person grabbed butter from the refrigerator .
the person put the butter in the pan .
the person turned on the stove .
the person threw the leek leaved and roots in the trash .
the person put the butter back in the refrigerator .
the person grabbed condiments from the counter .
the person put the leek pieces in the preheated pan .
the person grabbed a wooden spatula from a drawer .
the person stirred the leek pieces with the spatula .
the person grabbed another condiment from the counter .
the person added the condiments to the leek .
the person stirred the leek by shaking the pan .
the person grabbed a fork from a drawer , .
the person stirred the leek .
the person tasted the leek .
the person added more condiments to the leek .
the person grabbed a box from the cabinet .
the person added the contents of the box to the leek .
the person stirred the leek .
the person grabbed a cup from a drawer , .
the person filled a cup with water .
the person poured a cup in the pan .
the person grabbed a jar from the cabinet , .
a spoon from a drawer .
the person sprinkled a jar in the pan .
the person tried the leek with a fork .
the person put the condiments back to their place .
the person put the cooked leek on a plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person took a leek out of the refrigerator .
the person cut part of the leek off .
the person washed the rest in the sink .
the person cut the stem , .
the person cut the leek in half in a parallel manner .
the person diced the rest of the leek , .
the person rendered the leek into small pieces .
the person followed this , he took out a frying pan .
the person put a frying pan on the stove .
the person went to the pantry .
the person grabbed a bottle of something , maybe wine .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out some butter .
the person cut the butter .
the person put the butter in the pan .
the person turned on the stove to heat the butter , .
the person threw something away in the trash .
the person put the butter back in the fridge , .
the person went to the spice rack .
the person took out some salt and pepper .
the person moved the butter around the pan .
so that the butter evenly coated the entire pan .
the person put the leek in the pan to cook it .
the person took out a spoon from the drawer , .
gently stirred the leek in the pan .
the person watched the leek for a few moments , .
the person went back to the spice rack .
the person looked for more spice .
the person put some dark spice in the leek , another dark spice .
the person added some yellow and white powder , and salt to the leek .
the person took a few bited with a fork , .
the person transferred the leek to a plate , .
the person put the pan in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board , a chopper and a leek .
the person cut off a browned stalk of the leek , .
the person chopped off four to five inches of the dark green stalk off the top of the leek .
the person made a vertical slit in the center of the balance of the dark green stalk , up to the top of the white part of the leek .
the person washed the stalk and the leek thoroughly under the tap .
by prying the stalk open .
the person rubbed the leek well .
the person cut off the root .
the person made one vertical slit along the length of the leek .
the person cut across both these long pieces in the center .
the person held all these four pieces of leek , along with the stalk , together .
the person chopped four pieces of leek into around one centimeter wide pieces .
the person heated a frying pan .
the person added around two tablespoons of butter to a frying pan .
the person discarded the green stalk .
the person added the leek to the butter .
the person let the leek cook for half a minute , .
the person tossed the leek .
the person tossed the leek again , .
the person moved the leek around with a wooden spoon .
the person tasted a few pieces .
the person let the leek cook some more , .
the person added more of pepper and the other spice to the leek .
the person also added salt .
the person stirred the leek , .
the person poured half a glass of water into the leek .
the person added a teaspoonful of soup powder into the leek , .
the person stirred the leek well , .
the person added more salt , .
the person tasted the leek .
the person let the leek cook another two minutes on low heat .
the person poured the leek out into a soup bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got leeks .
the person sliced open the leeks .
the person cut the leeks in half .
the person diced the leeks .
the person got a pan from the drawer .
the person set a frying pan on the cook top .
the person got butter from the refrigerator .
the person put the buter in the pan .
the person threw the trash away .
the person put the butter back in the refrigerator .
the person got seasonings from the other counter .
the person poured the leeks in the pan .
the person got a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person stirred the leeks .
the person stirred the leeks several times .
the person seasoned the leeks .
the person got salt from the cupboard .
the person stirred the leeks .
the person got a glass from the cupboard .
the person used a glass to put water in the leeks .
the person got more seasoning from the cupboard .
the person stirred the seasoning into the leeks .
the person tasted the leeks .
the person put the seasoning back in the cupboard .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person poured the leeks onto the plate .
the person put the pan and the knife in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person picked up wooden cutting board and a knife .
the person took one leek from refrigerator .
the person removed all its leaves from top .
the person sliced one leek in the middle -lrb- only till half -rrb- .
the person made an opening at the top .
the person cleaned the inner area with water .
the person removed the root .
the person sliced the leek in the middle .
the person chopped the vegetable finely .
the person took a pan .
the person placed a pan on stove .
the person added a small piece of butter on a pan .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took salt and seasoning bottles .
the person ensured the butter was spread evenly in by shaking the pan .
the person added the chopped leek in the pan .
the person added seasoning to the vegetable .
the person mixed the content stove was still on to ensure the vegetable was well cooked .
the person took few pieces from the vegetable .
the person tasted the vegetable .
the person added more seasoning and salt .
the person added a pinch of another white powder .
mixed the content .
the person added a glass of water .
one spoon of another seasoning which the person took from closet .
the person added one more pinch of white powder .
the person simmered the vegetables .
the person tasted the vegetables again for perfection .
the person turned the stove off .
the person kept all the seasoning bottles/packetted back to closet .
the person poured the content from pan to a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the kitchen counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took a leek from the refrigerator .
the person placed the leek on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to remove the dark green end of the leek .
the person cleaned the leek in the sink .
the person used the knife to remove the leek 's root .
the person proceeded to slice the leek into bite-sized pieces .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person took butter from the refrigerator .
the person placed a large tab of the buter in the pan .
the person turned on the burner under the pan .
the person placed the chopped leek into the pan .
the person used a spatula to stir the leek .
the person used a variety of seasonings to season the cooking leek .
the person poured less than half a glass of water into the pan .
the person placed the cooked leek mixture on the plate with a spatula .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person got out a knife .
the person went in the fridge .
the person got out a leek .
the person cut off the top leaves of the leek .
the person peeled the skin off the leek .
the person cut the leek down the middle .
the person rinsed out the leek .
the person cut off the root of the leek .
the person chopped up the leek .
the person went into the cabinet .
the person went in the fridge .
the person walked to the kitchen drawer , .
the person pulled out a cutting board , .
from another drawer took out a large knife .
the person took a leek from out of the refrigerator , .
the person cut the rotten leaved off , .
the person sliced the entire leak down the middle , .
the person sliced the entire leak down the middle , .
the person cut two long pieces in half , .
the person chopped the leek into thin slices .
the person motioned to go toward the refrigerator , .
the person turned to the stove .
where the person opened a drawer beneath the range , .
the person pulled out a frying pan , .
the person placed a frying pan on top of the cooking range .
the person walked to the cabinets , .
the person opened one of the cabinets .
the person removed a bottle of something .
the person went to the fridge , .
the person gazed inside for a minute .
the person took out some butter .
the person sliced a chunk of the butter , .
the person placed a chunk of butter in the skillet , .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person picked up the rotten leaves .
the person threw the rotten leaves in the trash .
the person returned the butter to the refrigerator .
the person walked to the seasoning rack .
where the person inspected the different seasonings , .
the person chose three bottles , .
the person placed three bottles near the frying pan .
the person lifted the frying pan , .
the person moved the frying pan around to melt the butter faster , .
the person returned the skillet to the heat , .
the person kept a close eye on the frying pan he moved the cutting board with the leeks closer to the range .
the person wiped his nose with his sleeve , .
the person lifted the frying pan again , .
the person circled the frying pan around , .
the person picked up the cutting board .
the person used the large knife to scrape the leeks into the pan .
the person took a wooden spoon out of the drawer .
the person stirred the leeks .
the person wiped his nose with his hand .
the person walked back to the seasoning rack .
the person picked up two more bottles .
the person tossed the frying pan .
on several occasions the person stirred the frying pan .
the person tasted the leeks with a fork .
the person went back to the cabinet .
the person used the other hand to sprinkle the ingredient in the leek .
the person returned to the cabinets .
the person opened a different one .
the person poured into the pan .
the person returned to the cabinet .
where the person pulled out a jar of an ingredient .
the person scooped out a teaspoon that he sprinkled into the pan .
the person stirred the leeks , .
the person added more salt , .
the person tasted the leeks .
the person turned off the stove .
the person picked up all of the seasoning bottles , .
the person returned the seasoning bottles to the rack , .
the person picked up the jar and salt .
the person returned both items to the cabinet .
before pulling a plate from another door .
the person served the leeks onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a leek .
the person peeled off several of the leaves .
the person cut the leak partially in half .
the person washed the leek under the sink .
the person cut off the end of the leek .
the person cut the leak in half .
the person cut the leek into thin slices .
the person took out a skillet and butter .
the person melted the butter in the skillet .
the person put the cut leek into the skillet .
the person seasoned with salt and pepper .
the person added more seasonings .
the person put the cooked leek onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered a cutting board , knife , and leek .
the person removed the unusable portions of the leek .
the person cut the top portion of the stalk in half lengthwise .
before the person washed carefully between the leaves .
the person placed the leek on the cutting board .
the person removed the roots .
the person cut the leek in half lengthwise .
the person cut the two pieces of the stalk in half widthwise .
the person diced the leek .
the person pulled out a frying pan .
the person set a frying pan on the stove .
the person pulled out butter .
the person cut a piece off .
the person pulled out three spices .
at which point the person put the chopped leek into the pan .
the person used a wooden spoon , he gently moved the leek around in the pan , .
the person broke up the large pieces .
the person let the leek saute a little , .
the person retrieved a fourth spice .
swirl the leek .
the person flipped the leek in the pan , .
the person sprinkled in some of the spices , .
the person used the wooden spoon to gently stir the leek .
the person added some more spices .
the person sprinkled in something from a box .
the person poured a glass of water in the pan with the leek .
the person stirred in a spoonful of powdered substance .
the person finished up by cleaning up .
the person plated the leek .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person retreaved a cutting board and a knife .
the person grabbed a leek from the fridge .
the person proceed to remove the green leaves , .
the person rinsed the plant .
the person chopped the root of .
the person sliced the leek down the middle .
the person diced the leek into small sections .
the person retreaved a pan and butter , .
the person added the leek to the hot pan .
the person retreaved spices , .
the person stirred the leeks .
the person added water to the pan with broth and seasoning .
the person placed the cooked leek on a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person deposited a cutting board , knife , and a leek plant on the kitchen counter .
the person had cut away the leaves and the base of the plant .
the person cut the plant lengthwise in half .
the person sliced the two halves crosswise .
the person buttered a pan that he had placed on the stove .
the person put the leek in the pan .
the person stirred the leek .
the person sprinkled three kinds of condiment on the leek .
the person tasted the leek .
the person added more of two of the condiments , as well as some of two others .
the person added in some water and a spoonful of a sixth condiment .
the person tasted the leek again .
the person turned off the stove .
the person put away the condiments .
the person removed the leek onto a plate .
the person entered a kitchen , .
the person removed a knife and cupboard from a drawer , .
the person placed a knife and cupboard on the counter .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person selected a leek .
the person trimmed the inedible portions from the leek .
the person set the inedible portions from the leek aside .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person removed the root portion .
the person placed the leek back on the cutting board , .
the person sliced the leek lengthwise several times , .
the person diced the leek .
the person removed a pan from a cupboard .
the person placed a pan on the stove top .
the person took butter from the refrigerator , .
the person sliced off a portion , .
the person melted the butter in the pan .
the person discarded the inedible portions of the leek .
the person scraped the leek from the cutting board into the pan .
the person took a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person used a wooden spoon to mix the leeks into the melted butter .
the person added spices to the pan .
the person continued to cook the leeks , .
occasionally added additional ingredients .
the person returned the spices he used back to the shelves , .
the person transferred the leeks from the pan onto a plate , .
the person placed the dirty dishes in the sink .
the person walked in to the kitchen .
the person plugged in the coffee pot .
the person poured the water in the maker .
the person got out filters and coffee .
the person placed the rest of the items back in the cabinet .
the person removed a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person removed sugar from the cabinet .
the person removed a spoon from the drawer .
the person removed milk from the refrigerator .
the person poured the coffee in the cup .
the person added milk .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person placed the sugar back in the cabinet .
the person placed the milk back in the refrigerator .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a coffee maker from under the stove .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person filled the coffee maker with water .
the person brought filters and coffee from the cupboard .
the person put a filter and coffee in the coffee maker .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person put the coffee and filter back into the cabinet .
the person took a cup , saucer and sugar from the cabinet .
the person brought cream from the refrigerator .
the person placed the cream on the counter .
the person put sugar and coffee in the cup .
the person added cream .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person put the cream and sugar away .
the person took out a coffee making machine .
the person pluged a coffee making machine into the outlet .
the person filled the coffee machine with water .
the person got the coffee filters and the coffee itself .
the person put the coffee filters and the coffee into the machine , .
the person took out milk from the fridge .
the person waited patiently for his coffee , .
the person wiped up the mess he made .
the person took out a coffee brewer .
the person plugged a coffee brewer into a counter-top outlet .
the person poured some water into the coffee pitcher and into the brewer .
the person took coffee filters and a tin of coffee grounds from the pantry .
the person put the filter in the brewer .
the person added the grounds .
the person turned the brewer on .
the person put the filters and tin of coffee grounds back in the pantry .
the person took out a coffee cup and plate .
the person took some sugar out of the pantry and a spoon out of a drawer .
the person took some creamer out of the refrigerator .
the person waited for the coffee to finish brewing .
the person wiped some of the counter with a rag .
the person put sugar in the cup .
the person poured some coffee in .
the person added creamer to the coffee .
the person removed the coffeemaker from the cabinet .
the person placed the coffeemaker on the counter .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the coffeemaker .
the person removed coffee ingredients from the cabinet .
the person placed a filter inside the coffeemaker .
the person added coffee grounds to the coffeemaker .
the person took a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person put the cup and saucer on the counter .
the person placed sugar , a spoon and milk on the counter .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person placed two teaspoons of sugar in the cup .
the person poured the coffee slowly into the cup .
the person poured milk into the cup .
the person put the ingredients back in the cabinet and refrigerator .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a coffee machine out of the drawer .
the person plugged the coffee machine into a electric outlet .
the person poured water into the coffee machine .
the person grabbed coffee and sugar out of the cabinet .
the person pulled coffee creamer out of the fridge .
the person poured the coffee , sugar , and creamer into the cup .
the person unplugged the machine .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a small , white coffee maker from a cabinet under the counter .
the person lifted a cylindrical column from the countertop which hid an electrical outlet .
the person pluged in the coffee maker .
the person removed the carafe , .
the person retrieved a drinking glass from a cupboard .
the person changed his mind and put the glass back ; .
instead the person filled the carafe directly at the sink .
the person poured the water from the carafe into the water tank at the back of the coffee maker .
from a cupboard , the person took a canister of coffee and a box of coffee filters .
the person removed a cone-shaped filter from the box , .
the person placed a cone-shaped filter in the coffee maker , .
the person put a cone-shaped filter with a single scoop of coffee from the canister .
the person replaced the carafe in the machine .
the person flipped a switch on the side of the coffee maker .
the person put away the canister of ground coffee and the box of filters .
from another cabinet , the person took a small coffee cup and saucer .
the person also got out a bag of sugar , a spoon , and a carton of milk or milk substitute .
the person waited for his coffee to finish brewing , .
the person wiped down the counter with a dish cloth .
the person scooped two spoonfuls of sugar into his cup , .
the person poured coffee over the sugar .
the person poured milk or milk substitute into his coffee .
the person stirred his coffee .
the person unplugged the coffee machine , .
depressed the cylinder with the outlet in , .
the person put away the sugar and milk .
the person got a coffee maker .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the water in the coffee maker .
the person got some coffee and coffee filters from the cupboard .
the person put a filter in the coffee maker .
the person put some coffee into the filter .
the person started the coffee maker .
the person put things away the coffee brewed .
the person got a coffee cup and saucer from the cupboard as well as some sugar .
the person also got a spoon from the drawer .
the person got some milk or creamer product .
the person cleaned up .
the person fixed his coffee with cream and sugar .
the person poured coffee into the cup .
the gentleman walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person took out a coffee maker , .
the person plugged a coffee maker into the outlet .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person took out a cup .
the person went back .
the person put the cup back .
the person grabbed the coffee cup .
the person filled the coffee cup with water .
the person poured the water into the coffee maker to make the coffee .
the person went to the cabinet to grab the coffee ground and the coffee filters .
the person ground the coffee in the coffee grinder .
the person put the coffee ground into the coffee maker .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person went to grab some creamer and sugar .
the person added sugar and creamer .
the person poured a cup for himself .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person plugged the machine into the outlet .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water into the machine .
the person gathered filters and coffee grounds from the cabinet .
the person placed a filter in the machine .
the person scooped coffee grounds into the filter .
the person turned on the machine .
the person returned the extra filters and grounds to the cabinet .
the person gathered a coffee mug and saucer from the cabinet .
the person gathered sugar , milk and a spoon .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person added sugar to the mug .
the person poured coffee and cream into the mug .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person grabbed a coffee pot from the cabinet , .
the person plugged a coffee pot in .
the person pulled the glass from the coffee pot , .
the person opened the top , .
the person poured water into the glass .
the person poured the water into the coffee pot .
the person retrieved a bag of coffee and filters from the kitchen cabinet .
the person placed a filter into the coffee pot .
the person emptied one scoop of coffee inside of the coffee pot .
the person closed the lids of the coffee pot , .
the person placed the glass back into the coffee pot , .
the person turned the coffee pot on .
the person placed the bag of coffee and filters back into the pantry .
the person obtained a cup and plate from the cabinet .
the person grabbed a spoon and sugar from the cabinets .
the person placed the sugar on the counter .
the person opened the fridge , .
the person pulled the milk out , .
the person placed the milk on the counter .
the person grabbed a cloth .
the person cleaned the spilled water from the counter .
the person scooped two spoonful 's of sugar into the cup .
the person closed the bag .
the person poured the coffee into the cup , .
the person dashed the coffee with milk , .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person unplugged the coffee pot .
the person returned the ingredients to the right place .
the person got a coffee maker from a drawer .
the person filled a coffee maker with water .
the person got coffee and filters from a cabinet .
the person put the filter in the coffee maker .
the person put coffee in the filter .
the person put the coffee and filters away .
the person got a plate and cup from the cabinet .
the person got sugar and creamer from the cabinet .
the person added sugar and creamer to the cup .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person stirred the coffee with a spoon .
the person removed a coffee maker from the drawer .
the person plugged a coffee maker into the outlet .
the person poured water into the coffee maker .
the person removed coffee filters and ground coffee from the cabinet .
the person put a filter into the machine .
the person put coffee into the filter .
the person placed the coffee container and filters back in the cabinet .
the person removed a cup and plate from the cabinet .
the person also removed sugar from the cabinet .
the person took out a spoon from the drawer .
the person took milk out of the refrigerator .
the person added sugar to the cup .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person added milk to the cup .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person obtained a coffee maker , .
the person connected a coffee maker to a power source , .
the person used the included coffee pot to fill the coffee maker with water .
the person obtained a coffee filter and some coffee grounds .
the person placed the coffee filter into the upper compartment of the coffee maker .
the person checked to be sure the coffee filter was secure .
the person closed shut the upper compartment of the coffee maker .
the person placed the coffee pot onto the heated bottom portion of the coffee maker .
the person turned a coffee maker on .
the person discarded the coffee ground package and the remaining filters .
the person obtained a cup , a saucer , some sugar , and a container of milk .
the person waited for the coffee maker to finish making coffee .
the person cleaned the work surface with a cloth .
the person placed two teaspoons of sugar into the cup , .
the person filled the cup with coffee , .
the person added about half of a teaspoon of milk .
the person stirred the coffee to mix the sugar and milk into the coffee .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person put away the sugar and milk .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person plugged the coffee maker into the counter .
the person filled the coffee maker with water .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out coffee and coffee filters .
the person put a coffee filter and coffee into the machine .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person took out milk and sugar .
the person added milk and sugar .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person put the extra milk and sugar away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker from under the counter .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured the water in the coffee maker .
the person got some coffee and filters from the pantry .
the person put a filter in the coffee maker .
the person added coffee .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person put away the left over coffee and filters .
the person got out a cup , saucer , and sugar from the pantry and some milk from the fridge .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person added some sugar to the cup .
the person poured in some coffee .
the person added milk .
the person used a spoon to stir the coffee .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person put away the milk and sugar .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a coffee maker out from the cupboard .
the person raised the power outlet column from the counter .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person took the carafe off coffee maker .
the person opened the reservoir .
the person retrieved a glass from the cabinet to fill the coffee maker reservoir , .
the person put a glass back reconsidering .
the person used the carafe to get water from the sink .
the person added the water to the coffee maker reservoir .
the person closed the coffee maker reservoir , .
the person opened the percolator , .
the person retrieved a filter and a can of coffee from the cupboard .
the person added a filter to the percolator , .
the person added one scoop of coffee , .
closed the percolator , .
the person put the carafe in the coffee maker , .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person put the coffee and the filters away .
the person retrieved a cup , a saucer , and a bag of sugar from the cupboard .
the person also retrieved a spoon from the drawer and some creamer from the fridge .
the person waited for the coffee to finish .
the person used the kitchen towel to wipe off the counter , .
the person added some sugar to his cup .
the person took the carafe off the coffee maker , .
the person filled the cup , .
the person added creamer , .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person unplugged the coffee maker , .
the person lowered the power column , .
the person put away the sugar and creamer .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person plugged the coffee maker in .
the person filled the coffee pot with water .
the person poured some water into the coffee maker .
the person placed a filter in the coffee maker .
the person poured coffee into the filter .
the person closed the coffee maker .
the person put some things away .
the person placed some cream on the counter .
the person waited for the coffee .
the person wiped the counter off .
the person added sugar to a cup .
person added some coffee to the cup .
the person added cream to the cup .
the person placed everything back where everything belonged .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a coffee maker from the cabinet .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person filled the decanter with water .
the person poured the water into the back of the coffee maker .
the person took coffee filters and a can of coffee from the pantry .
the person placed a coffee filter into the coffee maker basket .
the person put one scoop of coffee in the filter .
the person put the decanter in place .
the person placed the coffee and filters back into the pantry .
the person removed a cup and saucer and a bag of sugar from the cabinet .
the person took out a spoon and creamer .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person put two spoonfuls of sugar into the cup .
the person filled the cup with coffee .
the person added liquid creamer to the coffee .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person got a coffee maker .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person filled a coffee maker with water .
the person got some coffee and some filters from a cabinet .
the person placed the filter in the coffee maker .
the person placed some coffee in the filter .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person removed a cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person got out some sugar and milk .
the person put some sugar in the cup .
the person poured the coffee into the cup , .
the person added some milk to the coffee .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a fig from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person rinsed a fig off in the sink .
the person sliced the stem off the fig .
the person sliced the fig in half .
the person entered the room .
the person obtained a fig from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed a fig .
the person removed the top of the fig .
the person sliced the fig in half .
the person removed a fig from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the fig .
the person removed the stem off of the fig .
the person sliced the fig in half .
the person walked into an open kitchen area from the left .
the person opened the refrigerator on the right side of the frame .
the person took out a dark fruit from the top of the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer under the sink to the right .
from the drawer , the person took out a cutting board .
the person reached into another drawer above the first one .
the person took out a knife .
the person washed a dark fruit at the sink in the foreground .
the person cut the fruit in half .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a fig .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person washed the fig in the sink .
the person cut off the end of the fig .
the person cut the fig in half .
the person took out a fig from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed a fig well .
the person laid the fig horizontally on the cutting board .
the person chopped the tapering tip off .
the person cut the fig vertically into two pieces .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled a fig out .
the person put a fig on the counter .
sh opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a knife .
sh walked over to the sink .
the person rinsed a fig .
the person place the fig on the cutting board .
the person started by cutting off the tip of the fig .
the person finished by cutting the fig in half .
the person removed a fig from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the fig in the sink .
the person cut the fig in half .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a fig from a refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from a cupboard .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the fig in the sink .
the person placed the fig on a cutting board .
the person used the knife to cut off the stem from the fig .
the person cut the fig in half .
the person took a fig out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person took a knife out of another drawer .
the person rinsed the fig off in the sink .
the person cut a tip off the end of the fig .
the person sliced the fig in half .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed figs out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person rinsed the fig using the sink .
the person sliced the fig in half on the cutting board .
the person walked into the room .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a fig .
the person got a cutting board out from a drawer .
the person took a small knife from the drawer .
the person washed the fig .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a fig .
the person took a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person took the fig to the sink .
the person washed the fig .
the person cut the fig in half .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a fig from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board out from a drawer .
the person got a knife out from a drawer .
the person rinsed the fig off in the sink .
the person placed the fig on a cutting board .
the person cut off the stem of the fig .
the person cut the fig in half .
the person set down the knife .
the person looked up at the camera .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a fig from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the fridge .
the person placed the fig on the cutting board .
the person sliced the fig in half .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took fig from refrigerator .
the person took a pad and knife from drawer to cut fig .
the person cleaned a fig with water .
the person did cut fig into two pieces .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a fig .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the fig in the sink .
the person put the fig on the board .
the cut the fig in half .
the person looked up .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the fridge .
the person opened a fridge .
the person chose a fig .
the person closed the fridge .
the person got a cutting board from the cabinet .
the person set the cutting board on the counter top .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the fig in the sink .
the person put the fig on the cutting board .
the person cut the stem off the fig .
the person cut the fig in half lengthwise .
the person laid the two fig halves to each other .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a fig from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person washed a fig , .
the person cut off the stem , .
the person sliced the fig in half .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a fig from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the fig in the sink .
the person sliced the fig in half .
the person looked forward .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed an orange .
the person set the orange in the sink .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife .
the person rinsed off the orange in the sink .
the person placed the orange on the cutting board .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person removed a juicer .
the person twisted one half of the orange over the juicer .
the person took the other half of the orange .
the person twisted the orange over the juicer as well .
the person rinsed off his hands , .
the person picked up the top of the juicer .
the person dried off his hands .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed a cup , .
the person rinsed a cup out .
the person placed the orange juice into the cup .
the person removed sugar from the cabinet .
the person added the sugar to the juice .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from one drawer and a knife from another .
the person rinsed the knife , the cutting board , and the orange in the sink .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person took a juicer from a drawer .
the person rinsed a juicer in the sink .
the person spun both halves of the orange on the juicer .
the person took a glass from the pantry .
the person rinsed a glass out .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person added some water .
the person took some sugar from the pantry .
the person added that to the juice .
the person stirred the juice .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed the orange out the fridge .
the person rinsed off a knife and cutting board using the sink .
the person sliced the orange in half on the cutting board .
the person used a white juicer with one of the orange pieces .
the person placed the orange juice into a glass .
the person added some water using the sink .
the person added sugar into the juice .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator , .
where the person selected an orange .
the person went to the counter .
the person selected the proper knife and a cutting board .
the person washed the orange in the sink .
the person sliced the orange in half on the cutting board .
the person got a juicer out of the drawer .
the person used a juicer to squeeze the juice from the orange .
the person squeezed both halves of the orange , .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person added water from the sink to the glass with the orange juice .
the person got out some sugar and a spoon .
the person added a few spoonfuls of sugar to the glass .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a orange from the fridge .
the person placed an orange in the sink .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from two different drawers .
the person rinsed the cutting board , the knife , and the orange .
the person placed the cutting board , the knife , and the orange on the counter .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person got a juicer out of the drawer .
the person took a juicer part .
the person put a juicer back together .
the person started juicing one half of the orange .
the person finished with the first half .
the person placed both halves on the cutting board he was done with them .
the person juiced the second half , .
the person rinsed his hands again .
the person took the top off of the juicer , .
the person set the top off of the juicer on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person rinsed a glass out .
before the person poured the juice from the bottom part of the juicer into the glass .
the person filled the cup the rest of the way with water .
the person got sugar from the cabinet .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person put one spoonful of sugar into the juice .
the person stirred the juice in .
before the person put the sugar back in the cabinet .
the person took the spoon out of the glass .
the person arrived in a kitchen .
the person withdrew an orange from a refrigerator door .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from drawers under the counter .
the person halved the orange with the knife .
the person rinsed a reamer .
the person used the reamer to juice the orange halves .
the person grabbed a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person poured water from the tap into the glass .
the person put a spoonful of what may be sugar into the glass .
the person stirred the glass content a little .
upon opening the refrigerator , .
the person took out an orange .
the person placed an orange in the sink .
before taking out a cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed off everything in the sink , .
the person cut the orange down the middle .
the person took a juicer out of the drawer .
the person rinsed a juicer off in the sink , too .
the person proceeded to juice the both halves of the orange .
the person proceeded to juice the both halves of the orange .
the person retrieved a glass .
the person poured the juice in .
the person took a bag of sugar from the cabinet .
the person added the sugar to the juice .
the person stirred the juice with the spoon .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person placed the orange in the sink .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the knife and orange in the sink .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person removed the juicer from the drawer .
the person manually pressed one orange half on the juicer .
the person pressed the other orange half on the juicer .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person took out a glass from the cabinet .
the person washed a glass .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person added water to the glass .
the person took out sugar from the cabinet .
the person put a spoonful of sugar in the glass .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person acquired an orange , cutting board , and knife .
the person washed the knife and orange .
the person cut the orange in half , .
the person took out a juicer .
the person washed the juicer in the sink .
the person juiced each half of the orange , .
the person took out a glass .
the person washed the glass , .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person took out a bag of sugar .
the person added a spoonful to the glass , .
the person stirred the juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the knife , cutting board and orange at the sink .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person washed his hands at the sink .
the person grabbed a plastic squeezer from a drawer .
the person rinsed a plastic squeezer .
the person squeezed on of the orange halves by hand on top of the squeezer .
the person washed his hands .
the person removed the top part of the squeezer , .
the person grabbed a cup from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the cup .
the person poured the orange juice in the cup .
the person added water to the cup .
the person grabbed sugar from the cabinet .
the person grabbed a spoon from a drawer .
the person added sugar to the orange juice .
the person stirred the juice .
the person put the sugar back in the cabinet .
the person took the spoon out of the cup .
the person moved the cup forward on the counter .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a chopper .
the person placed the orange horizontally on the board .
the person cut the orange into two .
the person took out a manual citrus juicer .
the person rinsed a manual citrus juicer out .
the person pressed one half of the orange .
the person rotated one half of the orange on the reamer of the juicer .
the person repeated this with the other half .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person poured out the clear juice into a glass .
the person topped up the glass with water .
the person added a teaspoon of powdered sugar to the glass .
the person stirred the glass up .
the person got a orange from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the orange in a sink .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person got a hand juicer from the drawer .
the person juiced half the orange on the hand juicer .
the person juiced the other half of the orange .
the person got a glass from a cabinet .
the person put the orange juice in the glass .
the person got sugar from the cabinet .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person mixed the sugar in the orange juice with the spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person washed the orange .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out a juicer .
the person juiced both halves of the orange .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a glass .
the person put the orange juice into the glass .
the person added water to the juice .
the person added sugar to the juice .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out an orange .
the person also opened the drawers beneath the counter .
the person took out a cutting board , and a knife .
the person rinsed the knife off , .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out a juicer from the drawer beneath the counter .
the person rinsed the juicer off , .
juiced each half of the orange .
the person took a glass out of the cupboard , .
the person rinsed a glass off , .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person filled the rest of the glass with water .
the person went back to the cupboard .
the person took out a bag of sugar .
the person stirred a spoonful of sugar into the juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person placed an orange in the sink .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the knife , cutting board and orange .
the person sliced the orange in half on the cutting board .
the person got a juicer from under the counter .
the person rinsed a juicer .
the person took the first orange half .
the person juiced the first orange with the juicer .
the person took the second half .
the person juiced the second half as well .
the person got a glass from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a glass .
the person poured the juice from the juicer to the glass .
the person added some water .
the person got some sugar from the cabinet .
a spoon from the drawer .
the person added a spoonful of sugar to the glass .
the person stirred the glass up .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person got a juicer from the drawer .
the person rinsed the juicer off .
the person juiced the orange .
the person removed the pulp .
the person got a glass .
the person rinsed a glass off .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person added water to the glass .
the person mixed sugar into the juice .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person washed the knife and the orange .
the person cut the orange .
the person got a juicer from the drawer .
the person rinsed a juicer .
the person squeezed the oranges .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person removed the pulp holder from the juicer .
the person got a glass from the cupboard .
the person rinsed the glass .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass over the sink .
the person added water to the orange juice .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got some sugar .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person added sugar to the orange juice .
the person moved the glass on the counter .
the person took an orange from the drawer of a fridge .
the person put a chopping board on the counter .
the person selected a chef 's knife .
the person rinsed the orange , knife and board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person found a juice squeezer , .
the person pushed the orange .
the person twisted the orange onto the squeezer , to extract the juice .
the person fetched a glass from a cupboard , .
into the glass the person put the juice .
the person filled a glass up with water from the tap .
the person added a spoonful of sugar .
the person stirred a glass .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange out of the fridge .
shen set the orange in the sink .
the person reached into a drawer .
the person pulled out a round cutting board .
the person set the cutting board on the counter .
the person opened another drawer to get a knife .
the person washed the knife , cutting board , and orange into the sink .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person washed his hands .
the person reached into a drawer .
the person pulled out a juicer .
the person rinsed the juicer in the sink , .
the person began juicing half of the orange .
the person finished one half , .
the person washed his hands .
the person took the top part of the juicer off .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a glass .
the person put a little water in the glass , .
the person added the orange juice to the water , .
the person added more water to the glass .
the person went back to the cupboard .
the person got a bag of sugar .
the person used a spoon he pulled from a drawer , .
the person added sugar to the glass , .
the person put the sugar back .
the person grabbed an orange .
the person placed an orange in the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person washed the orange and a knife .
the person also washed the cutting board .
the person sliced the orange in half on the cutting board .
the person pulled out a juicer .
the person cleaned the juicer .
the person juiced the two orange halves .
the person rinsed out a glass .
the person poured the orange juice into the glass .
the person added sugar to the orange juice .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected a large green onion from the cupboard .
the person also selected a cutting board and knife from the kitchen drawers .
the person cut the bottom roots and the green tops off .
the person set the bottom roots and the green tops aside .
the person pulled out a pot with a lid .
the person filled the pot about one third full with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person carefully sliced the white onion stem into small , round slices .
the person rinsed the slices .
the person added the slices to the pot on the stove .
the pot heated up on the stove .
the person added salt from the spice rack to the pot .
the person got a leek from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut off the bottom of the leek .
the person got a stock pot from a drawer .
the person put some water in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person sliced the leek bottom with the knife .
the person rinsed the leeks off .
the person put the leeks in the pot of water .
the person put the lid on .
the person added salt to the water .
the person took out a leek from a cabinet and a chopping board .
the person cut the green part of the leek .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person cut the white part of the leek using a knife .
the person washed a first batch of leek .
the person threw a first batch of leek in the pot , .
the person threw some salt into the pot .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a leek .
the person got a knife .
the person placed a leek on a chopping board .
the person cut the leek in two .
the person filled a pan with water .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person chopped the leek .
the person washed the leek .
the person put the leek in the pan .
the person salted the leek inside the pan .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took a leek out of the fridge , .
the person set a leek on the counter .
the person got a cutting board and knife out of the drawers .
the person set a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person cut the root end off of the leak and also the the green stalks of the thick white stalk .
the person set the root end and the the green stalks to the sink .
the person opened the drawer below the cook top .
the person took out a saucepan .
the person took the saucepan to the sink .
the person put some water in the saucepan from the faucet .
the person put the saucepan on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the lid back on the saucepan .
the person took the knife .
the person sliced the white stalk of the leek into thin slices .
the person was done , he grabbed a handful of the pieces .
the person rinsed the pieces in the kitchen sink .
so the person washed the pieces again .
before putting all of the pieces in the saucepan .
the person took the remaining pieces of leek on the cutting board in his hand .
the person washed the remaining pieces of leek in the sink .
before adding the remaining pieces to the saucepan on the stove .
the person grabbed some salt from the spice rack .
the person added some into the saucepan .
the person took a large vegetable out of a cabinet .
the person took out a cutting board from the drawer .
the person sliced the bottom half of the vegetable off .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person sliced he bottom half of the vegetable into pieces .
the person washed the pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the pot .
the person grabbed salt .
the person added the salt into the pot .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person retrieved a leek stalk from the pantry .
the person took out a round chopping board and knife out of a cabinet and drawer respectively .
the person placed the leek on the chopping board , .
the person cut off the tip .
the person cut the white stalk of the leek .
the person set the leafy part aside .
the person took out a pot , .
the person walked to the sink .
the person filled a pot about one third full of water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person lit the stove .
the person proceeded to cut up the white stalk of the leek .
the person was done cutting , he grabbed a handful of the leek , .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person placed the leek in the pot .
the person did the washing and placing into the pot with a second handful of leek .
the person moved to the spice rack .
the person retrieved a salt shaker .
the person sprinkled some of the salt into the pot .
the person returned the shaker to the spice rack .
the person removed a leek from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the green top from the leek .
the person got a pot .
the person filled with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person sliced the leek .
the person rinsed the leek .
the person put the sliced leeks in the pot .
the person added some seasoning to the water .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person walked to the cupboard in the back .
the person took out a leek .
the person put a leek on the counter to the sink .
the person got a round wooden cutting board and paring knife from drawers to the sink .
the person cut off the top and bottom of the leek .
the person got a small pot from under the stove .
the person added an inch of water .
the person put the pot on the stove , .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person covered the pot .
the person sliced the leeks into thin rounds .
the person grabbed half the leeks .
the person rinsed the leeks over the sink .
the person put the leeks in the pot .
the person took a salt shaker from a spice rack .
the person salted the leeks in the pot .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the green top and root end off a scallion .
the person set a pan filled with water on the stove .
the person covered a pan with a glass lid .
the person sliced the scallion , .
the person rinsed the scallion .
the person placed the scallion into the pan with the water .
the person seasoned the water with an unknown spice .
the person walked in to the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed some celery .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person placed the celery down on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person sliced the tips off the celery .
the person removed a pot from a drawer .
the person filled the pot up with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person placed the lid on top of the pot .
the person chopped up the celery on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the celery off .
the person placed the celery in the pot .
the person rinsed more of the celery off .
the person placed the celery in the pot as well .
the person salted the water .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a leek , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person sliced the root off of the leek , .
the person sliced the top green portion as well .
the person kept the middle portion on the cutting board .
the person took out a pot and lid , .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person covered the pot with the lid .
the person sliced the leek into small pieces .
the person grabbed a handful of the slices .
the person washed a handful of the slices , .
the person placed a handful of slices in the pot .
the person washed the rest of the leeks .
the person placed the rest of the leeks into the pot .
the person added some dried spices to the pot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a leek out of the cupboard .
the person placed the leek on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person cut off the root end and the green leaves .
the person set the green leaves aside .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person turned on the heat .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person cut the leek into small pieces , .
the person washed the pieces .
the person put the pieces into the pot .
the person added salt to the water .
the person put the lid back on the pot .
the person walked in .
immediately opened the pantry .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person cut white of the leek off .
the person took a pot out from the cabinet , .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person put a pot on the stove to boil .
the person sliced the white of the leek .
the person washed the leek in the sink in handfuls .
the person added the leek to the pot of water on the stove .
the person salted the water .
the cook entered the kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person picked up a leek .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a knife , .
the person trimmed the ends off of the leek .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person sliced the leek into quarter inch slices .
the person was finished , he rinsed the slices under the faucet .
the person placed the slices into the pot of water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a leek from the cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the ends off the leek .
the person placed the ends off the leek to the side .
the person got a pot from under the cabinet .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot of water on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person went back to the cutting board .
the person began slicing the leek .
the person picked the sliced leek up .
the person rinsed the sliced leek in the sink .
the person put the rinsed leek slices into the pot of water .
the person got some seasoning .
the person added the seasoning to the pot .
the person removed a long green onion from the pantry .
the person took out a small round cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the root end off the onion .
the person cut the long green onion into two halves .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the heat on .
the person sliced the white part of the long green onion into small pieces .
the person rinsed the pieces of onion , .
the person put the pieces into the pot of hot water .
the person went to the spice rack .
the person picked out the salt .
the person seasoned the boiling onion pieces with salt .
the person replaced the salt into the rack .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a vegetable .
the person put the vegetable on a cutting board .
the person removed the leaves .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person cut the vegetable into small pieces .
the person placed the vegetable into the boiling water .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a vegetable out of the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the roots and the leaves off the vegetable .
the person put the roots and the leaves aside .
the person placed the stalk on the cutting board .
the person got a pot out of the drawer .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person cut the stalk of the vegetable .
the person washed the pieces .
the person put the pieces into the pot .
the person added some spices to the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a leek from the cupboard .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawers below the counter .
the person cut away the green part of the leek .
the person set the green part of the leek aside .
the person took a pan with a lid from below the stove .
put water in a pan .
the person placed the pan on the stove .
the person turned on the heat .
the person placed the lid on the pot of water .
the person diced the leek on the cutting board .
the person gathered the leek diced into his hand , .
the person rinsed the leek diced in the sink .
the person dropped the leek diced in the pot .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person watched the pot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out two potatoes and olive oil .
the person took out a skillet .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person added olive oil to the skillet .
the person finely cut the potato .
the person disposed of the potato peeled .
the person put the potato into the skillet .
the person took out a plate .
the person moved the potato around the skillet with a spatula .
the person put the cooked potato onto the plate .
the person put ketchup on the plate .
the person put salt onto the potato .
the person took olive oil and potatoes from the cupboard .
the person grabbed a frying pan and a cutting board .
the person rinsed the potatoes in the sink .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person started the stove top .
the person added oil to the frying pan .
the person sliced the potatoes with a knife .
the person threw the skins in the trash .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person took a plastic spatula from the drawer .
the person added the potato slices to the frying pan .
the person stirred the potatoes with the spatula .
the person removed a plate from the cupboard and ketchup from the fridge .
the person placed the fried potatoes onto the plate .
the person squirted some ketchup onto the plate .
the person salted the potatoes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some oil and two potatoes from the pantry .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put oil in the pan .
the person cut the potatoes into slices .
the person washed the peeler .
the person got a spatula .
the person put the potatoes in the pan .
the person fried the potatoes .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked potatoes on the plate .
the person put some ketchup on the plate and salt on the potatoes .
the person gathered two potatoes , olive oil , and a frying pan .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person washed the potatoes in the sink .
the person put oil in the frying pan .
the person diced the potatoes on a cutting board .
the person added the potatoes in the frying pan on the stove .
the person put the potato on a plate .
the person put ketchup on the plate .
the person added salt to the potatoes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took olive oil and two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person placed a saute pan on the stove .
the person moved a cutting board from the side counter to the front counter .
the person washed the two potatoes in the sink .
the person retrieved a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person placed the peeled potatoes onto the cutting board .
the person rinsed the peeled potatoes again .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person added olive oil to the saute pan .
the person spread the oil in the pan .
the person sliced the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person discarded the peelings into the garbage bin .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person took a spatula .
the person began to add the potatoes to the pan .
the person spread the potato around the pan into one layer .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person returned to the pan .
the person turned the potatoes one by one .
the person turned each slice with the spatula .
the person sauted the potatoes .
the person moved the potatoes .
the person took a bottle of ketchup from the refrigerator .
the person placed a bottle of ketchup on the counter .
the person continued to brown the potatoes .
the person turned off the heat .
the person placed the potatoes on the plate .
the person drained the fat as he lifted the potatoes a few at a time to the plate .
the person returned the pan to the stove .
the person put a small dab of ketchup on the plate .
the person salted the potatoes .
the person got two potatoes and oil from a cabinet .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person got a cutting board from the counter .
the person rinsed the potatoes in a sink .
the person got a vegetable peeler from the drawer .
the person rinsed the potatoes in the sink .
the person put oil in the frying pan .
the person sliced the potatoes into circles .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person added the potatoes to the frying pan .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked potatoes on the plate .
the person sprinkled salt over the potatoes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two potatoes and a bottle of oil out of the cabinet .
the person took a pan from the drawer .
the person set a pan on the stove .
the person grabbed a cutting board from nearby .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person washed the potatoes again .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put oil into the pan .
the person sliced the potatoes width-wise .
the person threw the peeled potato skins into the trash .
the person washed the peeler as well as his hands .
the person took a spatula out of the drawer .
the person put the potatoes into the pan .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person browned the potatoes , .
the person continued to cook the potatoes until they were done .
the person used the spatula to set the potatoes onto the plate .
the person dumped some ketchup onto the plate .
the person sprinkled salt onto the potatoes .
the person got oil and two potatoes out of the kitchen cabinet .
the person got a pan out of the drawer .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person rinsed the two potatoes in the sink .
the person got a peeler out of the drawer .
the person peeled the skin off of the potatoes .
the person rinsed the potatoes again in the sink .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put oil on the pan .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person sliced the potatoes into thin layers .
the person rinsed the peelers .
the person put the peelers in the sink .
the person put the potatoes on the pan .
the person let the potatoes sit in the oil .
the person stirred the potatoes around .
the person went to get a plate from the cabinet .
the person got ketchup from the fridge .
the person turned the stove off .
the person put the potatoes on his plate .
the person seasoned the potatoes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got oil and potatos out of the cabinet .
the person got a frying pan out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the potatos .
the person poured oil into the frying pan .
the person heated the oil .
the person cut the potatos into rounds .
the person put the potatos into the frying pan .
the person fried the potatoes .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person turned the potatos over .
the person got ketchup out of the refrigerator .
the person took the potatos out of the pan .
the person put the potatos on the plate .
the person put sone ketchup on the plate .
the person put some salt on the potatos .
the person took out oil .
the person took out potatoes .
the person took out pan .
the person took out cutting board .
the person washed potatoes .
the person took out peeler .
the person peeled potatoes .
the person washed potatoes .
the person turned on stove .
the person put oil in pan .
the person cut potatoes .
the person threw away scraps .
the person put potatoes in pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two potatoes and oil from the cabinet .
the person placed the oil and potatoes on the counter .
the person placed a skillet on the stove .
the person washed the potatoes in the sink .
the person peeled the potatoes over the counter .
the person placed the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person poured some oil in the skillet .
the person sliced the potatoes into round slices .
the person cleaned up the peelings .
the person discarded the peelings into the waste bin .
the person rinsed the peeler , .
the person put the potatoes into the skillet .
the person separated the potato slices with a spatula .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person stirred the potato slices as they cooked .
the person turned the potatoes over as they browned .
the person took some ketchup from the refrigerator .
the person placed some ketchup on the counter .
the person placed the potatoes on the plate .
the person placed the skillet back on the stove .
the person put some ketchup on the plate .
the person salted the potatoes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two potatoes and some olive oil from the pantry .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person used a peeler to peel each potato .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person cut the potatoes into thin slices .
the person threw away the potato skins .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person added the potatoes to the pan .
the person used the spatula to stir the potatoes .
the person continuously used the spatula to flip the pieces of potato .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person got some ketchup from the fridge .
the person set the ketchup on the counter .
the person turned off the stove .
the person used the spatula to transfer the potatoes to the plate .
the person added ketchup to the plate .
the person salted the potatoes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out potatoes .
the person took out oil .
the person took out pan .
the person took out cutting board .
the person washed potatoes .
the person peeled potato .
the person turned on stove .
the person put oil in pan .
the person took out knife .
the person cut potato .
the person diced potato .
the person threw out scraps .
the person washed hands .
the person put potato in pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person placed a skillet onto the stove with olive oil .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person skinned the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person put the cut potato into the skillet .
the person put the cooked potato onto a plate .
the person put ketchup onto the plate .
the person seasoned with salt .
the person brought out oil , sauce pan , cutting board , and two potatoes .
the person grabbed a peeler .
the person peeled the potato 's skin off .
the person washed the two potatoes peeling the two potatoes .
the person turned on the heat for the sauce pan .
the person filled the sauce pan with some oil .
the person cut the potatoes into chip size pieces .
the potato pieces frequently .
the person removed the chips from the pan .
the person put the chips on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person retreaved two potatoes , oil , a cutting board , and a pan .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person the skined the potatoes with a peeling aparatus .
the person preheated his pan and added oil , .
that heated up the person sliced his potatoes into scallops , flat pieces thinly sliced .
the person proceeded to pan fry them , with a plastic spatula .
the person stirred the pieces ocasionally .
the person fliped the piecses as they began to brown .
the person grabbed ketchup from the fridge .
than the person placed the cooked potatoes on a clean plate .
the person served the cooked potatoes with ketchup , .
the person salted them the cooked potatoes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed two potatoes out of the cabinet .
the person grabbed a frying pan and cutting board out the drawer .
the person rinsed the potatoes using the sink .
the person peeled the potato skins using a peeler .
the person poured oil into the frying pan .
the person sliced the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person tossed the sliced potatoes into the frying pan .
the person cooked the potatoes using a spatula .
the person grabbed a white plate out the cabinet .
the person grabbed ketchup out the fridge .
the person placed the fried potatoes on the white plate .
the person added ketchup and salt onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out two potatoes and olive oil .
the person got out a skillet .
the person placed a skillet on the range .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person turned on the range .
the person drizzled in oil .
the person cut the potatoes in to slices .
the person placed the potato sliced into the hot oil .
the person stirred the slices around with a spatula .
the person flipped the potatoes .
the person got out ketchup .
the person put the cooked potatoes on a plate .
the person put ketchup on the plate .
the person sprinkled the potatoes with salt .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person took out two potatoes and olive oil .
the person placed a pan on the stove and a cutting board on the counter .
the person quickly washed the potatoes .
the person peeled both potatoes .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person added the oil to heat .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person tested the oil and adding the potatoes .
the person continued by pan-frying the potatoes quickly .
the person retrieved a plate .
the person browned the potatoes , .
the person served the potatoes up .
the person added ketchup to the plate .
the person seasoned the hot potatoes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the table .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out some herbs .
the person rinsed off the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the chopping board .
the person sliced the herbs .
the person removed a small bowl from the cabinet .
the person placed the herbs in the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person withdrew some herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person discarded the stemmed .
the person cut the leaves into very small pieces .
the person put the cut herbs into a small bowl .
first , the person entered the kitchen .
the person proceeded to search for a cutting board and knife .
once the person found said cutting board and knife .
the person set the cutting board and knife on the counter between the sink and the electric stove .
the person went over to the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a bag of lush green vegetables .
the person took the vegetables over to the sink .
the person washed the vegetables .
the person washed the vegetables , .
the person proceeded to cut up these vegetables .
at first , the person was only slicing the vegetables , .
the person began dicing the vegetables up into very small pieces .
the person dried had hands on a towel .
the person went to a cupboard where he pulled out a bowl .
the person used the knife to push the diced up vegetables into this bowel .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of a drawer .
the person took a bag of herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person took some herbs out of the bag .
the person rinsed the herbs off .
the person cut the stemmed off of the herbs .
the person diced the herbs into small pieces .
the person washed and dried his hands .
the person took a bowl out .
the person placed the herbs in the bowl .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person removed about half of the herbs from the bag .
the person washed some herbs .
the person used a knife , he cut the leaves of the herbs from the stemmed .
the person chopped the herbs very finely .
the person wiped his hands .
the person got a small bowl for the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs in the bowl .
the chef prepared his workstation by gathering his supplies , a cutting board and a large , sharp knife .
the person thoroughly rinsed his herbs in the sink .
the person tapped the herbs lightly a few times to shake out excess water .
the person used the knife and cutting board , he first removed the stemmed of the herbs .
the person set the stemmed of the herbs aside .
the person expertly chopped the herbs into small pieces .
the person picked up the cutting board and used the knife to slide the herbs gently into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from under the counter .
the person got a bunch of herbs from the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person cut the stemmed off .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person got a bowl from the pantry .
the person put the chopped herbs in a bowl .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person cut the stemmed from the leaves .
the person sliced the leaves .
the person chopped the leaves into smaller pieces .
the person removed a bowl from a drawer .
the person placed the herbs into the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife over the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took herbs from the refrigerator .
the person cut the stem from the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs into pieces .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person transferred the chopped herbs into the plate .
the person kept the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board and a bag of herbs .
the person collected some herbs from the bag , .
the person washed the herbs in the sink .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person cut the stemmed off .
the person put the stemmed on the table .
the person diced the leaves finely .
the person took out a bowl .
the person put the diced herbs into a bowl .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got fresh herbs from a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs in a sink .
the person chopped the herbs with the knife .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person put the chopped herbs on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board out of a cabinet .
the person got got a knife from a drawer .
the person set a knife on the cutting board .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person got out a bag of herbs .
at the counter the person took out the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person set each piece on the cutting board .
the person began to finely chop the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs very fine .
the person wiped the knife .
the person searched the cabinets for a bowl .
at the counter the person put the herbs into the bowl .
the person scraped the board into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person placed a knife on and cutting board on the counter top .
the person took a wrapped package of herbs from a refrigerator , .
the person removed a couple of sprigs .
quickly rinsed a couple of sprigs .
the person removed the stemmed with the knife .
the person chopped the herbs .
first , the person sliced the herbs coarsely , one sprig at a time .
the person gathered the coarsely chopped herbs into a pile .
the person pivoted the blade across the herbs chopping .
the person placed his hand on top of the knife to anchor the knife , .
the person chopped the herbs finely .
the person repeated this motion three times .
the person gathered the herbs into a pile .
the person wiped the blade clean with his finger .
the person wiped his hands on a towel , .
the person found a shallow , white bowl .
the person scooped the herbs into the bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person pulled herbs out of the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs using the sink water .
the person sliced the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the herbs on the white small bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person selected fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person sliced the stemmed off of the herbs .
the person coarsely chopped the herbs .
the person stacked the chopped herbs .
the person rocked the knife back .
forth to finely chop the herbs .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person put the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife over the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took herbs from the refrigerator .
the person cut the stem from the herbs .
the person chopped finely the herbs into pieces .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person transferred the chopped herbs into the plate .
the person kept the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife over the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took herbs from the refrigerator .
the person cut the stem from the herbs .
the person chopped finely the herbs into pieces .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a plate .
the person transferred the chopped herbs into the plate .
the person kept the knife on the cutting board .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person the removed a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person washed the herbs in the sink .
the person sliced the stemmed off of the herbs .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces .
the person chopped the herbs into even smaller pieces .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person placed the pieces of herb into the bowl .
the person took a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person put a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person got herbs from the refrigerator , .
the person took a few herbs from the package .
the person washed the herbs .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board , .
the person cut of the stemmed .
the person chopped the herbs up .
the person got a dish from the cabinet .
the person used the knife to push the herbs from the cutting board into the dish .
the person put a dish on the counter .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person grabbed some herbs from the fridge .
the person washed the herbs .
the person sliced the herbs .
the person diced the herbs with a knife .
the person wiped his hands .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person scraped the herbs on a plate using a knife .
the person got tea and sugar from a cabinet .
the person got a cup and a plate from the cabinet .
the person got a spoon from a drawer .
the person got a tea maker from the drawer .
the person filled the tea pitcher with water .
the person packed tea into a small bag .
the person put the bag into a kettle .
the person poured hot water in the kettle .
the person put sugar into a cup .
the person put the tea and sugar away .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed tea and a cup out of the cabinet .
the person pulled an electric teapot out of the drawer .
the person poured water into the teapot using the sink .
the person plugged the teapot into a electric outlet .
the person poured the hot water into the teapot .
the person placed the teapot back into the drawer .
the person added ingredients into the cup .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of loose tea and sugar out of the cabinet .
the person took a cup and saucer out of the cabinet .
the person took an electric tea kettle and a tea pot out of the cabinet .
the person took a tea ball out of the drawer .
the person filled the tea kettle with water .
the person plugged the tea kettle in .
the person spooned tea leaved into the tea ball .
the person closed the tea ball .
the person put the tea ball into the tea pot .
the person poured the boiled water into the tea pot .
the person unplugged the tea kettle , .
the person emptied the tea kettle .
the person put the tea kettle away .
the person put two spoons of sugar into the tea cup .
the person put the sugar and the bag of tea away .
the person poured the brewed tea into the tea cup .
the person took tea out of the cupboard .
the person took a teacup out of the cupboard .
the person took out an electric teakettle .
the person go out a small teapot .
the person poured some water into the kettle .
the person put some tea in a metal tea dispenser .
the person put the dispenser in the teapot .
the water was done heating the person poured some into the teapot .
the person put some sugar into a teacup .
the person poured some tea into the teacup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out the tea maker .
the person prepared a tea bag .
the person placed the tea in the bag .
the person poured the hot water into the pot .
the person unplugged the tea maker .
the person poured the water into the sink .
the person placed the maker away .
the person placed sugar in the cup .
the person placed the rest of the items away .
the person poured the tea in the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person removed some tea and sugar from a cabinet .
the person got out a cup , saucer , and spoon .
the person got a pot and a kettle from a cabinet .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged in the kettle .
the person put tea into an infuser .
the person put the infuser in the pot .
the person poured the heated water into the pot .
the person placed the kettle back in the cabinet .
the person put some sugar in the cup .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person took out a package of tea and sugar from the cabinet .
the person took out a cup and plate from the cabinet .
the person removed a spoon from the drawer .
the person also removed a water kettle and coffee pot from the drawer .
the person added water to the kettle .
the person placed the tea leaved into a tea infuser .
the person placed a tea infuser in the coffee pot .
the person added the hot water from the kettle to the pot .
the person put some sugar in the cup .
the person put the sugar and tea packages back in the cabinet .
the person poured the tea from the pot into the cup .
the person also took out a tea cup , saucer , a bag of tea , a spoon , and a bag of sugar .
the person got an electric kettle and a carafe from the cabinets .
the person filled the kettle with water , .
the person placed the kettle on the hot pad to heat up .
the person plugged the kettle into an outlet that was pulled out of the surface of countertop .
the person put two scooped of fresh tea into a metallic pod .
the person closed the pod .
the person twisted the pod to pack the tea .
the person put another scoop of tea into the pod .
the person placed the pod in the carafe .
the person poured the hot water from the kettle into the glass carafe with the tea pod .
the person poured out the remaining water from the kettle into the sink , .
the person put two spoons of sugar into a cup .
the person put the tea and sugar away .
the person poured the hot tea into the cup .
the person stirred the hot tea .
the person took tea and sugar from the cabinet .
the person took a cup from the cabinet .
the person removed a spoon from a drawer .
the person took a tea maker from the cabinet .
the person added water to the tea maker .
the person plugged in the tea maker .
the person added tea to a tea bag .
the person put tea bag in a cup .
the person poured water into the cup .
the person added sugar to another cup .
the person put the sugar and tea away .
the person poured tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person removed a bag of tea and sugar from the cupboard .
the person gathered a tea cup , a platter , and a spoon .
the person took a water boiler from the cupboard .
the person filled a water boiler with water .
the person plugged a water boiler in .
the person filled the tea capsule with tea .
the person placed the capsule into the tea pot .
the person poured the water from the water boiler into the pot .
the person poured out the remaining water .
the person put the water boiler away .
the person added sugar to the tea cup .
the person returned the bags of tea and sugar to the cupboard .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out tea and sugar .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person took out a small spoon .
the person took out a water boiler and a tea pot .
the person filled the water boiler with water .
the person put tea into metal tea balls .
the person put the balls inside the tea pot .
the person poured hot water into the tea pot .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea with a spoon .
the person gathered tea and sugar from a cabinet .
the person removed a tea cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person removed a spoon from a drawer .
the person pulled out an the electric kettle .
the person removed a tea infuser from the drawer .
the person filled the kettle with water from the sink .
the person plugged the kettle into the outlet .
the person filled the infuser with loose tea .
the person dropped the infuser into the coffee pot .
the person poured the hot water from the kettle into the coffee pot .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person emptied the excess water from the kettle .
the person scooped sugar into the tea cup .
the person returned the bags of tea and sugar to the cabinet .
the person poured the tea into the tea cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person placed a bag of tea on the counter .
the person placed a bag of sugar on the counter .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the counter .
the person grabbed a teapot .
the person placed a teapot on the counter .
the person filled the teapot with water .
the person gathered some tea .
the person filled a bag .
the person stuck a bag in a pot .
the person poured hot tea in the pot .
the person placed a lid on .
the person drained the machine .
the person put the machine away .
the person added sugar to the teacup .
the person put everything away .
the person poured the tea in the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a bag of tea and sugar from the pantry .
the person removed a cup and saucer from the cabinet and a spoon from the drawer .
the person removed an electric tea kettle from the cabinet .
the person removed a tea infuser ball from the drawer .
the person filled the tea kettle with water .
the person plugged the tea kettle in .
the person put four scooped of tea into the infuser .
the person placed the infuser into the glass decanter .
the person poured the hot water from the kettle into the decanter .
the person put away the electric kettle .
the person put two spoonfuls of sugar into the tea cup .
the person put the sugar and tea away .
the person poured the fresh brewed tea from the decanter into the tea cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person reached into a cupboard .
the person pulled out a bag .
the person reached into the adjacent cupboard .
the person pulled out a cup and small plate .
the person put the plate onto a table .
the person put the cup into the plate .
the person pulled out a drawer , .
the person removed a spoon from a drawer , .
the person put the spoon into the cup .
the person reached down .
the person pulled out a tea maker .
the person placed a tea maker onto the table .
the person looked through several drawers .
the person found a capsule .
the person took the tea maker .
the person filled the tea maker with water .
the person plugged the tea maker into the power fixture .
the person took a scoop out of the bag with a small spoon .
the person put a scoop into the small capsule .
the person placed the filled capsule into the pitcher .
the person poured the water from inside the tea maker into the pitcher .
the person poured the remaining water that was left into the sink .
the person put the tea maker back where the tea maker was .
the person put the bag of tea and sugar carton into the cupboard .
the person poured the finished tea into the cup , .
the person stirred the finished tea , .
the person wiped his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out tea .
the person got out a tea cup and saucer .
the person got out an electric kettle .
the person got out a tea strainer .
the person filled the tea kettle with water .
the person plugged in the kettle .
the person filled the strainer with tea .
the person put the strainer in the glass tea pot .
the person poured water into the tea pot .
the person unplugged the kettle .
the person emptied the kettle .
the person put the kettle away .
the person scooped sugar into the tea cup .
the person put the sugar away .
the person poured tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the gentleman walked into the kitchen .
the person took out some stuff from the cabinet .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a cup and a saucer .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a spoon .
the person opened the drawer .
the person found the water heater .
the person filled the water heater with water from the sink .
the person measured to make sure he had enough water .
the person added more water .
the person plugged in the water heater .
the person got the tea .
the person put the tea in a metal thing to put into his cup with the hot water .
the person poured some hot water into the cup with the tea .
the person emptied the water heater .
the person emptied the rest of the water .
the person put back all the things he took out from the cabinets .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a bag of tea and a bag of sugar .
the person placed a bag of tea and a bag of sugar on the counter .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the counter .
the person brought an electric kettle and teapot from beneath the counter .
put water in the kettle .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person put some tea in the infuser .
the person put the infuser in the pot .
the person poured in some water from the kettle .
the person put the top on the pot .
the person discarded the rest of the water in the kettle .
the person put sugar in the cup .
the person put the tea and sugar away .
the person poured some tea from the pot into the cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some tea , a cup and saucer , and a spoon .
the person got the kettle and teapot from under the counter and the tea strainer from the drawer .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person added tea to the tea strainer .
the person put the tea strainer in the teapot .
the person poured the hot water from the kettle into the teapot .
the person poured the excess down the sink .
the person used a spoon to put some sugar in the cup .
the person put the left over sugar away .
the person poured the tea in the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber in the sink .
the person took a knife out a drawer .
the person cut the ends off the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber down the middle .
the person sliced the cucumber halved into long strips .
the person diced the cucumber strips into small pieces .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person pulled out a cucumber .
the person opened some drawers .
the person found a cutting board .
the person took a towel off of the sink faucet .
the person washed his hands and the cucumber .
the person dried the cucumber with the towel .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person chopped the ends off of the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into horizontal slices .
the person chopped all of the slices into small pieces .
there was the person who entered a kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got a cucumber .
once the person retrieved the cucumber .
the person got a cutting board and a knife out of a drawer .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person dried the cucumber in the kitchen sink .
the person cut the ends off the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber down the middle .
the person sliced the halves into thirds .
the person chopped the cucumber into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cucumber .
the person kept in the prep area .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person placed a cutting board on the prep area .
the person also took a knife .
the person cut the edges of cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber first into four .
the person chopped the cucumber into pieces .
the person got a cucumber from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber in a sink .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced off the ends of the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person sliced those long ways .
the person chopped the cucumbers .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person pulled out a cucumber .
the person placed a cucumber on the counter .
the person took a cutting board out of a cabinet .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter , too .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person dried the cucumber with a towel .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person took a knife out of the drawer in front of her .
the person began cutting the cucumber .
the person cut the ends off , .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise , .
the person cut each piece in half again lengthwise .
the person held the long cut pieces together .
the person turned the pieces .
the person cut the pieces widthwise , all at once , until the cucumber had been completely cut into small cubes .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter-top , .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
than the person took out a knife .
the person chopped the ends off the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber in half lengthways , .
the person sliced each half in half the same way .
the person laid the four quarters side by side on the cutting board .
the person chopped the four quarters crossways from the ends , .
the person cut the cucumber up into chunks .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the ends from the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber in half .
the person sliced each half into thin slices , lengthwise .
the person stacked the slices together .
the person cut the slices into cubes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person carried the cucumber to the counter .
the person got a cutting board out from under the counter .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person set the cucumber on the board , .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off of the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise .
the person began chopping the cucumber into chunks .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber out of the fridge .
the person got a knife and cutting bored to prepare the cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person cut of the ends the cucumber .
the person began to slice the cucumber up .
the person opened the fridge .
the person grabbed a cucumber .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the cucumber off .
the person used a towel to dry the cucumber off .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person diced the cucumber with a knife .
the person scrapped the cucumber off of the knife cutting .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person dried the cucumber .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person cut each half in to thirds .
the person sliced the thirds .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person placed a cucumber on the counter .
the person opened a drawer up .
the person opened the drawer up .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person rinsed the cucumber off in the sink .
the person turned off the water .
the person wiped off the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber in half , .
the person sliced the half in half .
the person chopped the cucumber up that .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cucumber .
the person kept in the prep area .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person placed a cutting board on the prep area .
the person also took a knife .
the person cut the edges of cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber first into four .
the person chopped the cucumber into pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person cut each half lengthwise several times .
the person turned the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber the other way several times to dice the cucumber .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person dried the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person got a knife .
the person cut the ends off of the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person cut the halves into long slices .
the person chopped the long slices into small pieces .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the ends off the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into many pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person dried the cucumber , .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the top and bottom tips off of the cucumber , .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person cut each piece in half lengthwise again , .
the person diced the pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a cucumber out the refrigerator .
the person pulled a cutting board out the drawer .
the person rinsed the cucumber using the sink .
the person sliced the cucumber into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person placed a cucumber on the counter .
the person took a cutting board out from under the counter .
the person washed the cucumber at the sink .
the person dried his right hand with the blue dishcloth .
the person dried the cucumber with the blue dishcloth .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise into quarters .
the person sliced the cucumber crosswise into smaller pieces .
the person took a leek out of the pantry .
the person took two knives and a cutting board out .
the person took two metal bowled out of a drawer .
the person cut the leek into several sections .
the person sliced the sections into small pieces .
the person put the sections in one of the bowled .
the person did this process two times .
the person rinsed off the cutting board and knives .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two leeks from the refrigerator .
the person took two knives from the drawer .
the person took a cutting board and two bowled from the drawer .
the person cut the leeks in half .
the person rinsed the stalk halves of the leeks .
the person thinly sliced the leek stalks .
the person scraped the sliced leek stalks into one bowl .
the person rinsed the leafy halves of the leeks .
the person peeled the skins from the outside of the leeks .
the person thinly sliced the leek halves .
the person scraped the sliced leeks into the bowl .
the person rinsed the knives and cutting board .
the chef collected a leek , a short knife , a long knife , a cutting board , a medium mixing bowl and large mixing bowl .
the person cut off the root of the leek .
the person put the root of the leek in the medium sized bowl , .
the person chopped the leek in half lengthwise , widthwise .
the person thoroughly rinsed one half of the leek under each fold and shook to dry .
the person put one half of the leek on the cutting board .
the person chopped one half of the leek into slices about a finger thick .
the person used the large bowl to wipe off any leek stuck to his knife .
the person poured the chopped up leeks into the large mixing bowl using his knife to guide the leeks in .
the person repeated the process on the other half of the leek .
the person put everything he used in the sink .
the person rinsed everything .
the person put the root in the trash .
or wiped everything clean .
the person got a leek from the cupboard .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person also got a cutting board and two bowled from the drawer .
the person cut the leek in half horizontally , vertically .
the person washed half the leek .
the person cut the washed half into small pieces .
the person put the pieces into a bowl .
the person did the same steps with the remaining half .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the took a leek out of the refrigerator .
the person opened the cupboard below the prep area .
the person took a small knife and a big one .
the person took the cutting board .
the person took took two stainless steel bowled from the cupboard .
the person cut the leek into two halves .
the person peeled the skin of the leek .
the person washed the leek well .
the person chopped the leek finely .
the person transferred the leek into a big bowl .
the person took the other half .
the person chopped finely .
the person transferred the chopped pieces into the same bowl .
the person washed the cutting board , knives and vessels well .
the person cleaned with a cloth .
the person placed everything back into the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a leek from the cabinet .
the person removed two knifes from the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed two bowled from the drawer .
the person sliced the leek in half .
the person washed the leek .
the person diced the leek .
the person placed the diced leek into a bowl .
the person washed the knifes , bowled and cutting board .
the person got a leek from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and two small knives from a drawer .
the person got a small and medium metal bowl from the drawer .
the person cut the end off the leek into the small bowl .
the person cut the leek in half length wise .
the person washed the leek in a sink .
the person sliced the leek with the large knife .
the person put the leeks in the large bowl .
the person sliced the other leek in half lengthwise .
the person rinsed the other leek in a sink .
the person sliced the leek on the cutting board .
the person put the sliced leeks in the large bowl .
the person washed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person dumped the leek waste in a trash can .
the person rinsed the bowl in the sink .
the person put the bowl away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a leek , knives , a cutting board , and two bowled from the cabinet and drawers .
the person put the leek on the cutting board .
the person cut in in half using a larger chef 's knife .
the person took the bottom half of the leek , .
the person took the bottom half of the leek to the sink , .
the person washed the bottom half of the leek thoroughly .
the person washed the leak , he made sure to wash between the individual layers of leaves .
the person took the bottom half of the leek .
the person sliced the bottom half of the leek up using the chef 's knife .
the person deposited the chopped leek bottom into the larger of the two metal bowled .
the person took the leek top half .
the person used the paring knife , sliced the leek top half length-wise .
the person took the pieces to the sink .
the person washed the pieces .
the person made sure to wash between each individual leaf .
the person took the leek top to the cutting board .
the person sliced the leek top with the chef 's knife , .
the person emptied the sliced leek into the smaller metal bowl .
the person washed the cutting board and knives in the sink .
the person put the cutting board and knives away to dry .
the person discarded discolored pieces or rotted leaves .
the person grabbed some leek from the fridge .
the person placed the leek on the counter along with some knives .
the person also placed some bowled and a cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the leek .
the person peeled the leek .
the person diced the leek .
the person scraped the leek into a bowl with the knife .
the person washed the leek skin .
the person diced the leek .
the person scraped that into a bowl .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person dumped the excess into the garbage .
the person washed that bowl .
the person dried his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a leek .
the person placed the leek on the counter .
the person took out two knives , two bowled , and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person started to slice half of the leek .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person proceeded to cut the sleek into small pieces .
the person put the pieces of leek into a bowl .
the person sliced the other half of the leek .
the person washed the other half of the leek in the sink .
the person chopped this half of the leek into smaller pieces as well .
the person poured the second half of the leek into the same bowl .
the person placed the knife and cutting board into the sink .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person took out a towel .
the person started to dry his kitchen utensils .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled leek out the cabinet .
the person pulled out a cutting board and silver bowled out the drawer .
the person sliced the leek the half .
the person rinsed the leek using the sink .
the person chopped the leek .
the person placed the leek into the bowl .
the person cleaned the cutting board using the sink .
the person entered into the kitchen room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a leek out of the refrigerator .
the person opened the drawer below the prep area .
the person took two knives and a cutting .
the person took two stainless steel bowled from the cupboard .
the person cut the leek into two halves .
the person peeled the skin of the leek .
the person washed the leek well .
the person chopped the leek finely .
the person transferred the leek into a big vessel .
the person chopped the other half finely .
the person transferred the chopped pieces into the same bowl .
the person washed all the utensils well .
the person cleaned with a cloth .
the person placed everything back into the cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a leek from the pantry .
the person retrieved two knives , two bowled , and a cutting board from under the counter .
the person took the larger knife .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person took the smaller knife .
the person cut one half the leek in half lengthwise .
the person rinsed the leek .
the person used the large knife to thinly slice the leek on the cutting board .
the person put the sliced leek into the large bowl .
the person cut the other half of the leek in half lengthwise .
the person rinsed the leek .
the person used the large knife to slice the leek thinly .
the person put the sliced leek into the large bowl with the other sliced leek .
the person washed his knife and cutting board .
the person threw away the trash in the smaller bowl .
the person rinsed the smaller bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person retrieved a leek from the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer .
the person retrieved one small and one large knife from a drawer .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a cutting board , a large bowl , and a small bowl .
the person cut the end off the leek , and the debris in the small bowl , making the small bowl his trash bowl .
the person cut the end off the leek in half , .
the person sliced the half in half .
the person rinsed the half carefully .
the person proceeded to thinly slice the half , vertically .
the person put the sliced leek in the large bowl .
the person sliced the second half of the leek lengthwise , .
the person rinsed the second half of the leek carefully , .
the person sliced the second half of the leek as he did the first half .
the person located debris on the knife , .
the person removed the debris .
the person placed the debris in the trash bowl , .
the person rinsed his hands , .
the person continued slicing the leek .
the person finished , he rinsed the small knife .
the person returned the small knife to the drawer .
the person washed the large knife and cutting board with a sponge .
also returned the large knife and cutting board to the drawer .
the person rinsed the sponge , .
the person threw the trash bowl contents into a trash can , .
the person rinsed the trash bowl .
the person removed a towel from a hook , .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person dried the small knife .
the person returned the small knife to the drawer .
the person dried the large knife .
the cook first removed the leek from the pantry .
the person took out a small knife and a chef knife from a utensil drawer .
the person took out a wooden cutting board and two metal mixing bowled of diffferent sizes .
the person proceeded to cut off the root end of the leek into the smaller mixing bowl .
the person cut the leek in half , separating the green leafy upper part from the lighter colored core part of the leek .
the person cut the core in half lengthwise .
the person rinsed the core under water peeling off a couple of the outer layers as he was rinsing the core .
the person proceeded to chop the core part of the leek finely .
the person placed the chopped leek into the larger mixing bowl .
the person took the green upper part of the leek , .
the person cut the green upper part in half lengthwise , .
the person rinsed the green upper part underwater peeling off a few of the outer layers .
this time the person rinsed the upper part of the leek more thoroughly than he had the lower part .
the person proceeded to chop the leek finely .
the person placed the cutting board and knife into the sink .
the person began to wash the cutting board thoroughly .
the person placed the cutting board to the sink .
the person took the smaller mixing bowl .
the person emptied the smaller mixing bowl contents into the garbage bin , .
the person rinsed the smaller mixing bowl out .
the person placed the smaller mixing bowl on top of the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a leek , two knifes , a cutting board and two bowled .
the person cut the root of the leek off .
the person put the root of the leek in one bowl .
the person cut the top of the leek off .
the person put the top of the leek aside .
the person washed the root in the sink , .
the person removed the dirt .
the person sliced the leek thinly , .
the person put the pieces into a bowl .
the person went back to the top half of the leek , .
the person washed the top half of the leek in the sink .
the person diced the leek thinly again , .
the person put the leek in the bowl .
the person washed the knives and cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected a leek from the cabinet .
the person gathered a large knife , a small knife , a cutting board , a large bowl and a medium sized bowl .
the person cut the bottom end off of the leek using the small knife .
the person put the bottom end off of the leek in the medium bowl .
the person used the large knife to cut the leek in half across the middle .
the person used the small knife to slice the bottom half from top to bottom .
the person rinsed the new leek halves by letting the water run over each of the layers .
the person kept the layers together he thinly sliced the leak .
the person poured the leek sliced into the large bowl .
the person cut the top half or the leek from top to bottom .
the person rinsed the top half or the leek , .
the person sliced the top half or the leek .
the person poured the top half or the leek into large bowl just like he did with the first half .
the person rinsed the dishes .
through away the end of the leek that the person cut off .
the person dried the dishes he used .
the person gathered a leek from a cupboard .
the person gathered a two knives , two metal bowled , and a cutting board .
the person cut the leek in half width-wise .
the person took one half .
the person sliced one half in half length-wise .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person sliced the leek into small pieces .
the person placed the sliced leek into a bowl .
the person took the remaining half of leek .
the person sliced the remaining half of leek in half length-wise .
the person rinsed the leek off .
the person sliced this half of the leek .
the person placed half of the leek in the bowl as well .
the person cleaned his utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person removed a leek from the cabinet .
the person removed two knives from the drawer .
the person also removed a cutting board and two bowled from the drawer .
the person sliced the end off the leek .
the person placed the end off the leek in the smaller bowl .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person washed one half of the leek in the sink .
the person cut the half into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the larger bowl .
the person washed the other half of the leek in the sink .
the person sliced this half into small pieces .
the person placed these pieces into the large bowl .
the person washed the knives and cutting board in the sink .
the person placed the knives and cutting board both back in the drawers .
the person removed a leek from a cabinet .
the person got a knife , a cutting board and two bowled from a drawer .
the person cut the end from the leek .
the person placed the end from the leek in the bowl .
the person cut the top from the leek .
the person cut the middle section in half .
the person rinsed the middle section .
the person sliced the middle section .
the person placed the middle section in the other bowl .
the person cut the top part in half .
the person rinsed the top part in the sink .
the person sliced the top half .
the person placed the top half in the bowl .
the person cleaned the dishes .
the person gathered his equipment ; cutting board , paring knife , and a small clean plate .
the person checked the refrigerator for fresh produce .
the person found a ripe fig , .
the person checked the fig over for mold or other signs of rotting .
the person smelled the produce for freshness .
once all was clear , the person washed the fig .
the person cut off the tough ends of the fig .
the person quartered lengthwise .
the person made an attractive fig snack by arranging the quartered fig pieces in a clover pattern on the small plate .
the person did the arranging by pushing the fat ends of the figs together in the center of the plate with the pointy ended facing out towards the rim of the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person took a small fig from the refrigerator .
the person trimmed a small fig .
the person sliced a small fig into quarters .
the person took a small plate from the cabinet .
the person arranged the slices on the plate .
the person removed small fruit debree from the plate .
the person shook the small fruit debree off his hand .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board from beneath the counter , .
the person reached into a refrigerator .
the person rinsed the fig off under running water , .
the person proceeded to cut the fig on a cutting board - first cutting off the stem .
the person quartered the fruit lengthwise .
the person threw the stem in the garbage , .
the person went to the back cupboard , .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person arranged the fig pieces on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a small fruit .
the person smelled the fruit .
the person washed the fruit .
the person dried his hands .
the person cut the fruit .
the person discarded a piece .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person plated the fruit carefully .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person walked to the refrigerator , .
the person removed a fig .
the person smelled a fig .
the person washed the fig at the sink .
the person placed a fig on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off of the fig .
the person cut the fig in half lengthwise and into quarters .
the person threw away the ends .
the person got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person placed the fig pieces on the plate .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a fig from the refrigerator .
the person washed the fig .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the top and bottom off the fig .
the person sliced the fig .
the person placed the fig on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a piece of fruit .
the person sniffed the piece of fruit .
the person went to the sink .
the person washed a piece of fruit .
the person put the fruit on the carving board .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the fruit into several pieces .
the person threw away the ends of the fruit .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person arranged the remainder of the fruit on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a fig out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a fig .
the person cut the fig into four smaller pieces .
the person took a small plate out of the cabinet .
the person placed the fig pieces onto the plate .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a small vegetable from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the vegetable into four small pieces .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the slices of vegetable onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person selected a piece of fruit .
the person washed the fruit in the sink .
the person put the fruit on the cutting board .
the person got a knife out of a drawer .
the person cut the fruit into fourths .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a small plate out .
the person put the four pieces of fruit on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a fig .
the person placed the fig onto the cutting board .
the person cut the fig into four pieces .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the four fig pieces onto the plate .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out a fig , .
the person sniffed the fig .
the person rinsed the fig off under running water .
the person placed the fig on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a knife out from the drawer .
the person cut off both ends of the fig .
the person sliced the fig into halves , .
the person sliced the fig into quarters .
the person tossed the ends of the fig into the trash .
the person went to the pantry .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the cut fig pieces onto the plate .
the person cleaned off some bits of fig off the plate .
the person threw the last bits into the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , a small fig and a knife .
the person washed the fig in the sink , .
the person quartered the fig with the knife .
the person finished , he took out a plate .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the cook came in to the kitchen .
the person opened a draw .
pullout a round cutting board .
the person placed a round cutting board on the counter .
the person went to the fridge .
the person pulled out what appeared to be a vegetable .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the vegetable in to many sections .
the person took four of the pieces .
the person arranged the pieces on plate in a decorative manner .
the person got a cutting board .
the person got a fig from the refrigerator .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the top and bottom off .
the person cut the fig into four .
the person threw the top and bottom into the trash .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the fig on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a piece of fruit out of the fridge .
the person smelled a piece of fruit , .
the person smiled a piece of fruit , .
the person washed a piece of fruit off in the sink .
the person dried off his hands .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person began by cutting off the two ends of the fruit .
the person sliced the fruit into quarters .
the person threw away the pieces he had cut off in a trash can .
the person took a small white plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a small white plate to the counter .
the person placed each piece of the fruit on the plate , careful to place the piece of the fruit decoratively in the shape of a cross .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person walked over to the refrigerator , .
the person removed a piece of fruit .
the person rinsed off the fruit .
the person placed the fruit on the cutting board .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed a knife , .
the person sliced the fruit .
the person placed the peel into the trash can .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person got out a plate , .
the person walked back to the counter .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person placed the four slices of fruit on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a fig out of the refrigerator .
the person smelled a fig .
the person washed the fig .
the person put the fig on the cutting board .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the ends off of the fig .
the person sliced the fig into four pieces .
the person threw out the ends of the fig .
the person got a small plate out of the cabinet .
the person arranged the fig decoratively on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a fig .
the person smelled the fig , .
the person washed the fig .
the person shook the fig dry .
the person placed the fig on the cutting board .
the person retrieved a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off the fig , .
the person cut the fig in half and again into fourths .
the person retrieved the ends of the fig .
the person threw the ends of the fig into the trash .
the person retrieved a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person individually placed each fourth of the fig onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person got a small piece of produce from the fridge .
the person rinsed a small piece of produce at the sink .
the person put a small piece of produce on the cutting board .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut both ended off the produce .
the person cut the produce into quarters .
the person threw the top and bottom pieces away .
the person got a small plate from the cabinet .
the person arranged the sliced produce on a small plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the cutting board , knife and cucumber .
the person cut the ends off the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person cut each half into small pieces .
the person threw away the end pieces .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person put the cucumber pieces on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board .
the person got a cucumber from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the cutting board , knife , and cucumber in a sink .
the person cut the ends off the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber length wise .
the person chopped the cucumber into half moon shapes .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the cucumbers on the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife out of the drawers .
the person rinsed off the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person removed both ends of the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber length wise .
the person sliced both halves into sections .
the person threw away the cucumber ended .
the person took out a plate .
the person rinsed a plate in the sink .
the person placed all the cucumber slices on the plate .
the person rinsed off the knife and cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
from the refrigerator the person took a cucumber .
the person laid the cucumber down on the counter .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed off the cutting board in the sink .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise .
the person began cutting one length of cucumber into slices .
the person cut the other length of cucumber into slices also .
the person threw away the end of the cucumber in the garbage .
the person hesitated .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got out a plate .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person picked up the cucumber slices .
the person put the cucumber slices on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink again .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink as well .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retreaved a cucumber , a cuting board , and a knife .
the person rinsed the tools and the cucumber .
the person proceeded to cut the cucumber legnt-wise into two halfs , .
the person began to chop the cucumber into half moon shapes .
the person did the chopping to both cucumber halfs .
the person retreaved a plate .
the person grabed the pieces of cucumber .
the person put the pieces of cucumber on the plate .
the person rinsed the tools .
the person removed a cucumber from a fridge .
the person took out a chopping board and a knife .
the person washed both a chopping board and a knife and the cucumber .
the person removed both ends .
the person divided the cucumber lengthways .
the person chopped the cucumber into small pieces .
the person discarded both ended into a waste bin .
the person searched for something on which to put the pieces , .
the person found a plate in a cupboard , .
the person had piled the cucumber on the plate , .
the person washed the board and knife .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person obtained a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person also laid a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person rinsed the board , knife , and cucumber in the sink .
the person cut off the ends of the cucumber .
the person split the cucumber in half , lengthwise .
the person sliced each half of the cucumber on the board .
the person threw the cucumber ended in the trash .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person put the cucumber slices on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife and the board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person washed the cutting board and cucumber .
the person cut off the ends of the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person sliced each half of the cucumber into thin slices .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person put the cucumber slices onto the plate .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person put the cucumber on the counter .
the person got a cutting board out of the cabinet .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person rinsed the cucumber in the sink .
the person cut the ends off of the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person cut both halves into slices .
the person threw out the ends of the cucumber .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got out a plate .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person put the cucumber on the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person rinsed off the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person rinsed off the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into smaller pieces .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate off .
the person put the cucumber pieces onto the plate .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person went into the fridge .
the person got out a cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on the counter .
the an got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person chopped up each half .
the person threw the waste in the bin .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person put the cucumber on the plate .
the person rinced of the knife and the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person washed the board and knife .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half , .
the person sliced the two halves .
the person looked for a dish .
the person found a plate in the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate , .
the person put the cucumber on the plate .
the person washed the knife and board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the cucumber , knife and cutting board .
the person cut off the top and bottom , .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person sliced each half into thin discs .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed a zucchini .
the person took a cutting board and knife out from under the counter .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife off with running water .
the person also rinsed off the zucchini .
the person sliced the ends off of the zucchini , .
the person cut the zucchini in half .
the person took one zucchini half .
the person chopped one cucumber half into half moons .
the person took the other cucumber half .
also chopped that another cucumber half into half moons .
the person threw the ends into the trash .
the person took a plate out of the pantry .
the person rinsed a plate off .
the person moved all the zucchini onto the plate .
the person rinsed off the knife and cutting board .
the person came to the kitchen .
the person opened the wooden refrigerator .
the person took one cucumber .
the person walked towards induction stove .
the person washed the cucumber , cutter board and knife .
the person chopped the end of cucumber .
the person made the end of cucumber into two half .
the person chopped the two half cucumber into small slices .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person placed a cucumber on the kitchen counter .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the cutting board , the knife and the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board , .
the person sliced off the ends .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise .
the person cut each long piece into smaller slices .
the person trhew the ends into the trash .
the person took out a dish , .
the person washed a dish .
the person placed the cucumber in a dish .
the person rinsed the knife and the cutting board .
the person rinsed the knife and the cutting board .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person put a cucumber on the counter .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person put a knife on the counter .
the person rinsed the board , the knife and the cucumber .
the person cut the ends off the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person chopped the cucumber halved into thin slices very quickly .
the person threw away the cucumber waste .
the person searched for something .
the person found a plate .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person rinsed the knife and the cutting board again .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person rinsed the cutting board , knife , and cucumber in the sink .
the person cut the ends off the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person cut the halves into many slices .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person placed the cucumber slices on the plate .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person placed a cucumber on the counter .
the person gathered a long knife and cutting board from the drawers .
the person rinsed the cutting board , knife , and cucumber in the sink .
the person sliced away both ends from the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half length-wise .
the person cut both halves into small slices .
the person discarded the cucumber ended .
the person retrieved a plate from a cupboard .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person placed the cucumber slices on the plate .
the person rinsed off the knife and cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person fetched a cucumber from the cooler .
the person got a knife and cutting board from the drawer , .
the person washed a knife and cutting board , .
the person set a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person cut off the ends of the cucumber .
the person sliced the zucchini in half lengthwise .
the person cut both cucumber halves into slices .
the person fetched a plate from the cupboard , .
the person washed a plate , .
the person moved the slices of cucumber onto the plate .
the person washed the knife and board .
the person set the knife and board back on the counter .
the person placed some herbs on the counter .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person placed some dishes on the counter .
the person cut some herbs off .
the person washed some herbs .
the person placed the herbs on a cutting board .
the person used a knife to cut the herbs .
the person put the diced herbs on a plate .
the person took some potted herbs .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of drawers .
the person took a small bowl out of the cupboard .
the person cut some of the herbs off of the potted plant with a knife .
the person rinsed off the herbs he had cut .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person diced the herbs with a second knife .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person got an herb plant from the counter .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person retrieved a bowl from the cabinet .
the person cut some herbs from the plant .
the person sliced the herbs very finely .
the person placed the herbs in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered an herb plant .
the person retrieved a cutting board , knife , and bowl .
the person cut some herb leafed from the plant .
the person spoke with someone off-camera .
the person rinsed the herb leafed off .
the person chopped the herb leafed on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped herb into the bowl .
the person smiled towards someone off camera .
the person got some herbs .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got out a round wooden plate and a knife .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got a small bowl .
the person used the knife to cut off some of the herbs .
the person put the herbs back .
the person rinsed the herbs off .
the person put the herbs on the round wooden plate .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got another knife .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs in the small bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bundle of herbs .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from under the counter .
a bowl from the pantry .
the person took some herbs from the bundle .
the person rinsed some herbs at the sink .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board , .
the person got another knife .
the person sliced the herbs thinly .
the person put the sliced herbs in the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed an herb .
the person opened the drawer .
the person found a knife .
the person also pulled out a round wooden cutting board .
the person cut off some of the herb .
the person rinsed the herb pieces in the sink , .
the person placed the herb on the cutting board .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting knife .
the person cut the herb into smaller pieces .
the person placed the cut pieces onto a smaller plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed herbs from the counter .
the person pulled a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person grabbed a small bowl out of the cabinet .
the person ripped of the herbs off the stemmed .
the person rinsed the herbs using the sink .
the person sliced the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the herbs in the small bowl .
the person took an herb plant from the counter .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person removed a few stemmed of herbs from the herb plant .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person removed another knife from the drawer .
the person diced the herbs .
the person placed the diced herbs in the bowl .
the person put a fresh herb plant on the counter .
the person got a cutting board a bowl and a knife .
the person cut pieces of herb off the plant .
the person put the herb back on separate counter .
the person rinsed the the herbs .
the person began to chop the herbs up .
the person placed the herbs inside a bowl .
the person placed an herb plant on the counter .
the person retrieved a small knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person grabbed a small plate from the cabinet .
the person cut some herbs from the plant .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person chopped the herbs into tiny pieces .
the person placed the herbs onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set a bundle of herbs on the counter .
the person got out a knife and cutting board .
the person got a bowl .
the person set a bowl on the counter .
the person began cutting pieces of herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person began slicing the herbs on the cutting board .
the person scraped the herbs into the bowl .
the person took a small potted plant from a corner .
the person set a small potted plant on the counter-top .
the person got out a cutting board , a knife , and a small dish .
the person placed a cutting board , a knife , and a small dish on the counter .
the person used the knife to cut some leaves from the plant , .
the person put the plant back in the corner .
the person rinsed the leaves at the tap .
the person placed the leaves on the cutting board .
the person got out another knife , .
the person used the knife to chop the leaves finely .
the person put the chopped leaves in the small dish .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed the herbs from the counter .
the person grabbed the cutting board .
the person took what he needed from the herb plant .
the person washed the herbs .
the person grabbed a knife from the cabinet .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person was finished cutting the herbs , .
the person placed the herbs on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed the herbs on the counter .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person removed a plate .
the person gathered some of the herbs .
the person placed the rest of the herbs back .
the person rinsed off the herbs he gathered .
the person sliced up the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the spice rack .
the person took herbs .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a bowl .
the person cut off parts of the herbs .
the person washed the cut herbs in the sink .
the person finely cut the washed herbs .
the person placed the diced herbs into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took fresh herbs from the counter .
the person took a knife and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut smaller pieces from the bunch of herbs .
the person rinsed the smaller pieces of herbs .
the person put the smaller pieces of herbs on the cutting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs onto the plate .
the person located a cutting board , small dish and knife in the kitchen .
the person washed the herbs thoroughly in the sink .
the person placed the herbs on a wooden cutting board .
the person cut the herbs .
the person gathered the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the herbs on a small dish .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a plant on the front counter .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person cut some of the herbs from the plant .
the person put the plant on the side counter .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the chopped herbs into a small bowl .
the person got a herb plant off of the counter .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person cut some herbs off of the plant .
the person rinsed the herbs in a sink .
the person got another knife from a drawer .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the herbs on the plate .
the person took a pomegranate out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of different drawers .
the person took out a large bowl .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in the bowl with water .
the person cut the ends off of the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person pressed the flesh of the fruit off of the skin into the bowl .
the person pulled the flesh from the inner cores .
the person washed his hands .
the person poured several different kinds of spices on the fruit in the bowl .
the person got out a spoon .
the person stirred the fruit and spices .
the person washed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person dumped the pomegranate skins and core pieces into the trash .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate out of the fridge .
the person placed the pomegranate on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a large bowl from the drawer .
the person washed a large bowl with the pomegranate in it .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half .
the person took the innards out into the bowl .
the person placed the outer skin onto the cutting board .
the person did took the innards of the second half of the pomegranate out into the bowl .
the person finished he added three spices to the bowl of pomegranate .
the person took a spoon out .
the person mixed up the pomegranate and spices .
the person washed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person discarded the pomegranate skins .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back into the drawer .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a pomegranate out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a silver bowl , cutting board , and knife out the fridge .
the person sliced the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person ripped off the pomegranate arils into the silver bowl .
the person poured more ingredients into the silver bowl .
the person stirred the pomegranate arils with a spoon .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person tossed the leftover pomegranate into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person chose a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person opened a drawer .
the person selected a cutting board .
the person also selected a knife .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
all of the seeds were in the bowl the person washed the knife , .
the person dried the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away , too .
the person removed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person also removed a bowl from the drawer .
the person rinsed the bowl and pomegranate in the sink .
the person sliced both ended off the pomegranate .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half .
the person removed the seeds from one half into the bowl .
the person removed seeds from the other half into the bowl .
the person took out the pieces of skin that were in the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person added three spices to the bowl of pomegranate seeds .
the person mixed the bowl with a spoon .
the person washed the knife and cutting board , .
the person placed the knife and cutting board back in the drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate out of the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the cabinet .
the person got a bowl from the drawer .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in the bowl .
the person cut the ends off the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person pushed the seeds out of half of the pomegranate into the bowl .
the person pushed the seeds out of the other half into the bowl as well .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person dried his hands .
the person sprinkled seasonings into the bowl .
the person mixed the pomegranate seeds with a spoon .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person put the knife and cutting board back where he found them .
the person threw away the pomegranate skin .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a pomegranate .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person got a bowl from the drawer .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut the ends from the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person removed the fruit from the skin .
the person put the fruit in the bowl .
the person added some spices to the pomegranate .
the person washed the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person selected a pomegranate from the produce drawer .
the person walked to the counter .
the person placed the pomegranate on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter to the pomegranate .
from the same drawer , the person selected a knife .
the person opened a different drawer .
carefully selected a large , metallic mixing bowl .
the person partially filled the mixing bowl with water from the sink .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person dumped the water down the sink .
the person used the knife and cutting board to chop the ends off of the pomegranate .
the person sliced the fruit half .
the person removed the seeds from the pomegranate .
seasoned the seeds with three spices .
the person washed his knife and his cutting board .
the person put his knife and his cutting board away .
the person got a pomegranate from a refrigerator .
the person got a knife , a metal bowl , and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in the bowl with water .
the person cut the ends off the pomegranate .
the person pulled the seeds out of the pomegranate with his hands .
the person put the seeds in the metal bowl .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person sprinkled salt and spices over the pomegranate seeds .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
mixed the seeds .
the person threw the pomegranate waste into the trash can .
the person washed the cutting board in the sink .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person entered the kitchen .
from the refrigerator the person got a pomegranate .
the person took a knife , cutting board , and silver bowl from various cabinets and drawers .
the person filled the bowl with water from the sink .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person began to extract seeds from the pomegranate over the bowl of water .
the person separated the seeds from the flesh .
the person dropped the seeds in the water .
the person was finished , he selected a bottle of something .
the person emptied a bottle of something on the seeds in the bowl .
the person selected another bottle .
also emptied the bottle in the bowl .
the person got a spoon from the drawer .
the person began to stir the seeds .
the person washed the knife off in the sink .
the person emptied the rind from the cutting board into the garbage , .
the person washed the board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate from refrigerator .
the person took a pad and a knife from drawer and also a bowl .
the person cleaned the bowl and pomegranate with water .
the person did cut pomegranate 's skin top and bottom .
the person separated pomegranate nuts from the pomegranate into bowl .
the person wiped his hands with cloth .
the person purred some powder from three bottles into bowl .
the person took a spoon .
mixed the bowl with spoon .
the person cleaned knife .
the person wiped the knife with cloth .
the person thrown waste of pomegranate into drawer .
the person washed pad with some liquid by using scrub .
the person wiped pad with a cloth .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took pomegranate from refrigerator , .
the person walked towards cooktop cabinet .
the person picked up cutter board and knife from drawer .
the person took bowl from drawer .
the person filled water in the bowl .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in the water .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut top and bottom of pomegranate .
the person sliced the pomegranate into halves .
the person removed each aril with his fingers .
the person placed the arils into a bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person added salt and pepper for taste .
the person stirred the aril well .
the person cleaned the waste .
the person washed the cutter board with soap lotion .
the person wiped the cutter board with wipe cloth .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person placed the pomegranate on the counter .
the person took a chopping board and a knife from a drawer .
the person placed a chopping board and a knife on the counter .
the person took a metal bowl from a cupboard .
the person rinsed the bowl and the pomegranate off .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person removed the fruit from inside it by hand .
the person dropped the fruit in the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person seasoned the pomegranate .
the person stirred the seasonings through the pomegranate with a spoon .
the person cleaned the utensils .
the person discarded the peelings .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board , bowl and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person washed the pomegranate in the sink .
the person cut the top and bottom off the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person took one half of the pomegranate .
the person scraped the seeds out of the pomegranate into the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person added some spice to the bowl of pomegranate seeds .
the person stirred the pomegranate seeds with a spoon .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person threw away the pomegranate peel .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a pomegranate , cutting board , knife , and bowl .
the person washed the pomegranate and bowl , .
the person cut the top and bottom off of the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half , .
the person pushed the seeds out of the pomegranate over the bowl by inverting the peel .
the person removed the seeds from both half , .
the person poured some sugar over the seeds , as well as two other spices .
the person stirred the seeds with a fork .
the person washed the knife and cutting board , .
the person threw away the peels .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a pomegranate out .
the person placed the pomegranate on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and knife out .
the person took a metal bowl out , .
the person turned on the faucet .
the person rinsed the bowl over the sink .
the person placed the pomegranate in the metal bowl .
the person rinsed the pomegranate .
the person placed the pomegranate on the cutting board .
the person cut part of the rind .
the person used his fingers to separate the peel from the seeds .
the person let the pomegranate seeds fall into the metal bowl .
the person placed the rind on the cutting board as he peeled .
the person garnished the pomegranate seeds with three spices .
the person stirred the pomegranate using a spoon .
the person threw the rinds into the trash .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate out of the fridge .
the person placed the pomegranate on the counter .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person placed the cutting board and knife to the pomegranate .
the person took out a mixing bowl , .
the person filled the mixing bowl with water .
the person washed the pomegranate in the mixing bowl .
the person cut both ended off the pomegranate , .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person used his fingers to remove the seeds from each half , emptying them into the bowl .
the person added some seasonings to the bowl .
the person stirred the bowl with a spoon he took from a drawer .
the person took the cutting board to the trash , .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person chose a pomegranate from a drawer in the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a cutting board , knife , and large bowl .
the person rinsed the bowl and the pomegranate .
the person cut the top and bottom off the fruit .
before slicing the pomegranate in half .
the person broke up each half of the pomegranate .
the person placed the arils into a bowl .
the person deposited the pomegranate 's peels onto the cutting board .
the person seasoned the seeds .
mixed the seeds all together with a spoon .
the person washed the knife .
the person replaced the knife .
before throwing away the remnants of the pomegranate .
the person put the cutting board back in a drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person placed the pomegranate on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took out a large bowl .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in the large bowl .
the person trimmed the pomegranate .
the person sliced the pomegranate in half .
the person seeded the pomegranate over the bowl with his hands .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person added spices to the pomegranate seeds .
the person stirred the pomegranate seeds with a spoon .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person discarded the trimmings into the waste bin .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back in the drawer .
the person got a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person removed a bowl from the drawer .
the person placed the pomegranate in a bowl .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person peeled the pomegranate .
the person added seasonings to the pomegranate .
the person stirred the pomegranate .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person removed a carrot from the fridge .
the person removed a knife , a vegetable peeler , a cutting board and two small bowled from various drawers .
the person washed the carrot .
the person removed the ends .
the person placed the discarded ends and the shaved outside of the carrot in a small bowl to his left .
the person shaved the carrot length-wise with a small paring knife .
the person cut the carrot in half length-wise .
the person diced the carrot into 1/4 inch pieces .
the person placed the diced carrots into a small bowl to his right .
the person got a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person collected a peeler , a knife , a cutting board , and bowl from a drawer .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the end from the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person cut the carrot length wise .
the person cut the carrot into slices .
the person put the carrot in a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person set a knife and peeler on the counter .
the person retrieved a cutting board and two bowled from the drawer .
the person cleaned the carrot with the knife over the bowl .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person put the diced in the other bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person removed a carrot .
the person placed a carrot on the counter .
the person pulled a knife , bowl and cutting board from the drawer .
the person washed the carrot with running water .
the person grabbed another bowl from the drawer .
the person scraped the carrot with the knife into the bowl .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person laid the carrot on the cutting board .
the person chopped the carrot into rounded pieces .
the person put the chopped carrots into the clean bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a peeler , knife , cutting board and bowl .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person got another bowl from under the counter .
the person used the knife to scrape the carrot over a bowl .
the person rinsed the carrot again .
the person cut the carrot lengthwise .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person put the chopped carrot in the second bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife , peeler , bowl , and cutting board from the utensil drawer .
the person washed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut the ends from the carrot .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person cut the carrot in half length wise .
the person cut both halves into smaller pieces .
the person placed the sliced carrots into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person got a peeler , knife , and cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a bowl from the drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person cut the ends off of the carrot .
the person scraped the peel from the carrot with a knife .
the person rinsed the peeled carrot .
the person cut the carrot lengthwise .
the person cut the carrot into small chunks .
the person put the cubed carrots into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
from the refrigerator the person got a carrot .
the person got out a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person got out a cutting board and two bowled .
the person washed the carrot .
the person set the carrot on the board .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person began trimming the carrot .
the person rinsed the carrot again .
the person split the carrot in two .
the person began to slice the carrot in small pieces .
the person scraped the pieces into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed carrots out of the fridge .
the person pulled a peeler , knife , and cutting board out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot using the sink .
the person peeled the carrot into a small bowl .
the person placed the pieces of carrot into the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person closed the refrigerator , .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and bowled .
the person sliced the carrot up over the bowl .
the person peeled the carrot over the bowl .
the person rinsed the carrot off .
the person sliced the carrot up on the cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a carrot from a bag .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got out a peeler and a knife .
the person opened another drawer .
the person got out a cutting board and a bowl .
the person washed the carrot .
the person put the carrot on the cutting board .
the person got out a second bowl from a drawer .
the person scraped the carrot with the knife .
the person scraped the carrot with the knife .
the person rinsed the carrot and the knife in the sink .
the person sliced the carrot lengthwise with the knife .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person scraped the pieces of the carrot into the remaining bowl with a knife .
the person opened the fridge .
the person grabbed a carrot .
the person placed the carrot on the counter .
the person placed some utensils on the counter .
the person also placed a bowl on the counter .
the person peeled the carrot with a knife .
the person washed the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person diced the carrot .
the person put the sliced carrot in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a carrot .
the person placed a carrot on the table .
the person bent down , .
the person opened the kitchen draw to grab a few cooking utensils , .
the person placed a few cooking utensils on the counter .
the person bent down .
the person grabbed a bowl from the kitchen cabinet .
the person placed a bowl on the table .
the person washed the carrot off in the kitchen sink .
the person bent down .
the person grabbed another bowl from the kitchen cabinet .
the person placed another ball on the table .
the person grabbed the knife , .
the person cut both ended off the carrot .
the person shaved the carrot into the bowl .
the person washed the carrot off again .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person cut the carrot in half .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person looked up as if he took directions from someone , .
the person moved the cutting board from side to side .
the person looked up , .
the person placed his eyes back on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped carrot in the other bowl that was on the table .
the person looked up with a smile .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person removed a peeler , knife , and cutting board from the drawer .
the person also removed two bowled from the drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person peeled some of the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot in half .
the person cut the carrot in half .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person sliced the carrot into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the empty bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a carrot out of the fridge .
the person placed the carrot on the counter .
the person took a peeler and knife out of the drawer .
the person placed the peeler and knife on the table .
the person took a chopping board and a bowl out of the drawer .
the person placed a chopping board and a bowl on the counter .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person placed the carrot on the chopping board .
the person took another bowl out of the drawer .
the person placed another bowl on the counter .
the person cut off the tips of the carrot over the bowl .
the person scrapped off the skin of the carrot over the bowl with his knife .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the cut the carrot in half on the cutting board .
the person diced the carrot halved into cubes .
the person scrapped the diced carrots into the second bowl .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person removed the carrot from the refrigerator , .
the person got the carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person laid the carrot on the counter .
the person removed the things he was going to need .
the person removed the knife and another utensil from the drawer .
the person removed the cutting board and bowl from the lower cabinet .
the person washed the carrot .
the person laid the carrot on the cutting board .
the person removed another bowl from the bottom cabinet .
the person cut the tips off of the top and bottom of the carrot .
the person started grating some of the carrot into the bowl ; .
the person washed the carrot , .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person sliced the carrot down the middle .
the person started chopping the carrot horizontally in small pieces .
the person chopped the carrot up .
the person put about 1/4 of the chopped carrot in the 1st bowl .
the person placed the carrot in the bowled .
the remaining in the second bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person took a knife , peeler , cutting board and two bowled out of the drawers .
the person washed the carrot in the sink .
the person cleaned the carrot with the knife over one of the bowled .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut the carrot lengthwise on the cutting board .
the person cut the strips into small pieces .
the person put the cut carrots into the small bowl .
the person got a carrot from a refrigerator .
the person got a vegetable peeler , a knife , a cutting board , and a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot with the knife .
the person diced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person put the diced carrot in the metal bowl .
the person grabbed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a vegetable peeler and knife from a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and small bowl on the counter .
the person washed the carrot .
the person took out a second bowl .
the person trimmed the ends off the carrot .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person sliced the carrot in half .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person scraped the carrot into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a carrot .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a peeler and a knife .
the person took out a cutting board and bowl .
the person washed the carrot .
the person shaved the carrot with the knife .
the person washed the carrot again .
the person cut the carrot small pieces .
the person put the cut carrot into a bowl .
the person got a two eggs from a refrigerator .
the person got a metal bowl and a whisk from a drawer .
the person rinsed the bowl in a sink .
the person cracked the eggs in the bowl .
the person mixed the eggs with the whisk .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person put the pan on the stove , .
the person turned the stove on .
the person got butter from the fridge .
the person got a knife from a drawer .
the person added the butter .
the person got a spatula from a drawer .
the person got cheese from a cabinet .
the person added the egg to the frying pan .
the person added the cheese to the eggs .
the person folded the egg in half .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed two eggs .
the person got a bowl and whip from the drawer .
the person cracked both eggs .
the person put the eggs in the bowl .
the person added spices to the eggs .
the person mixed the eggs with the whip .
the person got a pan from under the stove .
the person took butter from the refrigerator .
the person put the butter in the pan .
the person took cheese from the pantry .
the person made an omelet with the egg .
the person added cheese .
the person got another plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked omelet on the plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person removed two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person gathered a bowl and whisk .
the person rinsed the dishes and eggs in the sink .
the person cracked both eggs .
the person poured both eggs ' contents into the bowl .
the person seasoned the eggs .
the person mixed the eggs with the whisk .
the person put a frying pan on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person added a pad of butter to the frying pan .
the person melted the butter in the pan .
the person whisked the egg mixture .
the person placed the eggs into the frying pan .
the person allowed the mixture to cook completely on one side .
the person flipped the egg over .
the person added cheese to the top side of the egg .
the person folded the egg in half .
the person spoke with someone off-camera .
the person placed the eggs on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two eggs out of the refrigerator .
the person took a bowl and a whisk out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the bowl and one of the eggs .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person threw the shells away .
the person added two spices from the spice rack into the eggs .
the person whisked the eggs .
the person took a frying pan from the drawer .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove top .
the person took a stick of butter from the refrigerator .
the person sliced off a pat of butter into the frying pan .
the person whisked the eggs some more .
the person swirled the melting butter around in the pan .
the person took a spatula from the drawer .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person added the eggs into the pan .
the person cooked the eggs for a .
the person flipped the eggs over .
the person added the contents of the plate onto the eggs .
the person folded the eggs over .
the person took another plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the cooked omelet onto the plate .
the person put the butter back into the refrigerator .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two eggs , a bowl and whisk .
the person washed the bowl and one egg .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl , .
the person threw out the shells .
the person added some pepper , .
the person whisked the eggs .
the person took out a pan and butter , .
the person cut a pat of butter .
the person put the butter in the pan .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person waited for the butter to melt , .
the person took out a plate with onions .
the person added the eggs to the pan .
the person added the onions , .
the person moved the eggs around with a spatula the eggs cooked .
the person folded half of the eggs over onto itself .
the person waited a few minutes , .
the person took out a clean plate .
the person put the omelette onto the plate .
the person put the butter away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two eggs from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a bowl and a whisk .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person broke the eggs into the bowl .
the person threw away the shells .
the person added seasoning to the eggs .
the person used the whisk to whip the eggs .
the person got a pan from under the counter .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person got some butter from the fridge .
the person used a knife to add some to the pan .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
a plate with cheese on a plate from the cabinet .
the person poured the eggs into the pan .
the person stirred the eggs with the spatula .
the person flipped the eggs .
the person poured the cheese on the eggs .
the person folded the eggs over to make an omelette .
the person got another plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person put the omelette onto the plate .
the person put the knife in the sink .
the person put the butter back in the fridge .
the person got two eggs , a silver mixing bowl and a wire whisk from his kitchen .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person poured the eggs into the mixing bowl .
the person added spices to the eggs .
the person stirred the eggs and spices together in the bowl .
the person put a frying pan on the oven .
the person turned to the oven burner on .
the person used a knife to cut a small amount of butter .
the person melted the butter on the hot frying pan .
the person took out cheese from his refrigerator .
the person poured the egg mixture into the frying pan .
the person used his spatula to evenly distribute the eggs across the pan .
the person flipped the eggs over .
the person poured the cheese onto the cooked side of the eggs .
the person folded half of the egg over the cheese .
the person flipped the folded egg one more time .
the person got out a plate , .
the person poured water on the plate .
the person dried the plate .
the person placed the egg onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered two eggs , a bowl , and a wire whisk on the counter .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person towel-dried the bowl .
the person rinsed an egg .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person sprinkled some ingredients , possibly salt and pepper , onto the eggs .
the person whipped the eggs with the whisk .
the person got butter from the refrigerator .
the person put a chunk of butter in a pan he had placed on the stove .
the person poured the eggs into the pan .
about a minute , the person turned over the eggs .
the person poured something from a saucer on top of the eggs .
the person folded the egg into a pastry .
the person turned over the pastry .
the person served the pastry on a plate .
the person removed two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person removed a bowl and whisk from the drawer .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person rinsed the whisk in the sink .
the person added spices to the eggs .
the person whisked the eggs .
the person removed a pan from the drawer .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person took out butter from the refrigerator .
the person placed a slice in the pan .
the person poured the eggs into the pan .
the person added cheese to the eggs .
the person folded the eggs over into an omelette .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the omelette on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed two eggs out the fridge .
the person cleaned a silver bowl using the sink .
the person cracked both eggs into the silver bowl .
the person scrambled the eggs using a whisk .
the person grabbed a frying pan .
the person placed in on the stove .
the person grabbed butter out the fridge .
the person put some on the pan .
the person grabbed a white plate .
the person placed the omelette on a white plate .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed two eggs from a carton in the fridge .
the person brought out a bowl .
the person cleaned a bowl .
the person cracked the eggs in the bowl .
the person washed his hands .
the person threw away the eggshell .
the person added seasoning to the egg .
the person whisked the eggs .
the person put a skillet on the stove with butter in a skillet .
the person melted the butter .
the person put the egg mixture in .
the person flipped the egg .
the person made the egg into an omelette .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person took a bowl and whisk from the drawer .
the person broke the eggs into the bowl , .
the person added some spices .
the person whisked the eggs .
the person took a skillet from the drawer , .
the person placed a skillet on the stove .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person brought some butter from the refrigerator .
the person added a pad to the skillet .
the person poured the egg into the skillet .
the person spread the egg with a spatula .
the person flipped the egg .
the person added cheese .
the person folded the egg on top of the cheese , .
spoke to someone in front of her .
the person flipped the egg in the pan .
the person brought plate from the cabinet .
the person transferred the egg to the plate .
the person placed the knife in the sink .
the person put the butter into the refrigerator .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person took a bowl and a whisk out of the drawers .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person threw away the shells .
the person put two different spices into the bowl .
the person whisked the mixture very thoroughly .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person put a frying pan onto the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got some butter and a knife .
the person put a slice of butter into the frying pan to melt the butter .
the person got some cheese .
the person poured the eggs into the frying pan .
the person used a spatula to flip the egg over .
the person put the cheese onto half of the egg , .
the person wrapped the egg up to make an omelette .
the person washed a plate .
the person served the omelette .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person closed the refrigerator , .
the person cracked the eggs open .
the person poured the eggs into a bowl .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person seasoned the eggs .
the person whipped the eggs with a beater .
the person removed a skillet from the drawer .
the person set a skillet on the stove top .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person rinsed off a knife in the sink .
sliced butter .
the person placed the butter in the skillet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person poured the eggs into the skillet .
the person flipped the eggs several times .
the person got out another plate from the cabinet , .
the person grabbed two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person took a metal bowl and a whisk from the drawers .
the person rinsed the bowl under running water .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person threw the egg shells into the garbage bin .
the person rinsed his hands and the whisk in the sink .
the person sprinkled some salt and pepper onto the eggs .
the person whisked the egg mixture .
the person took a frying pan from the drawer .
the person started the stove top .
the person sliced some butter .
the person placed the butter into the pan .
the person whisked the egg mixture into the frying pan .
the person tended to the frying egg with a spatula .
the person flipped the omelet in the pan .
the person added cheese to the omelet .
the person folded the omelet over .
the person placed the omelet onto a plate .
the person took two eggs from the door of a fridge , .
the person placed two eggs on a kitchen counter .
the person took out a metal bowl .
the person rinsed his hands and the whisk .
the person added some condiments , which looked like salt and pepper , to the eggs .
the person held the bowl in one hand .
the person whisked the bowl 's contents .
the person set down the bowl , .
the person got out a frying pan .
the person put a frying pan on the stove top , .
the person crossed back to the fridge .
so tried a cupboard , without success .
the person returned to the fridge , .
the person removed some butter .
the person took out a knife from a drawer , .
the person adjusted the heat under the frying pan .
the person washed the knife , .
the person cut off some butter .
the person put the butter into the frying pan , .
again adjusting the temperature .
the person whisked the eggs again .
the person ran the butter round the pan to distribute the butter evenly .
the person took out a turner .
the person brought a plate to the counter .
the person checked the butter had melted .
the person poured the eggs into the pan .
the person turned the eggs over .
the person added another ingredient from the plate .
folding the omelette in half .
the person flipped the omelette once .
before fetching another plate on which to serve the omelette , .
the person dried the plate , .
before tidying the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out two eggs .
the person took out a metal bowl .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person added salt and pepper .
the person beat the eggs with a whisk .
the person took out butter and a skillet .
the person put the butter into the skillet .
the person took out a plate with cheese .
the person put the egg into the skillet .
the person flipped the egg in the skillet .
the person added the cheese to the egg .
the person folded the egg in half .
the person put the omelet onto a plate .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person put things away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two eggs from the fridge .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person got a whisk out of the drawer .
the person rinsed the eggs in the sink .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person threw away the shells .
the person added seasonings to the bowl .
the person whisked the eggs in the bowl .
the person got a large skillet out .
the person put a large skillet on the stove .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person added a tablespoon of butter to the skillet .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person got a plate of shredded cheese from the pantry .
the person he added the whisked eggs to the skillet .
the person flipped the eggs with the spatula .
the person added the cheese to one side .
the person flipped half off the egg onto the half with the cheese .
the person put the egg on a plate .
first , the cook took out his main ingredient , two eggs .
the person picked out a bowl .
the person proceeded to rinse a bowl and one egg .
the person emptied the eggshells .
the person discarded the eggshells , .
the chef rinsed the whisk .
the person seasoned the eggs .
lightly whisked his ingredients .
the person prepared a hot buttered skillet for his eggs .
the butter became hot enough , .
the person added the eggs .
the person added another ingredient .
the person folded the eggs into an omelet .
the person put his omelet into a clean plate .
the person cleaned his area .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got two eggs from a fridge .
the person took out a two eggs .
the person placed two eggs on the counter .
the person took out a bowl and a whisk .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person threw out the shells .
the person added some seasoning to the eggs .
the person whisked the eggs until they were combined .
the person mixed the eggs in a bowl .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person took out the butter .
the person added some to the pan .
the person melted the butter .
the person took out a spatula .
the person took out a place .
the person placed a place on the counter .
the person added the eggs to the pan .
the person took the spatula .
the person began to fry one side .
the person fried the eggs in a frying pan .
the person flipped the egg .
the person added cheese .
the person folded the egg over into an omelet .
the person flipped an omlet .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person put an omlet on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed several cloves of garlic from a cupboard .
the person walked across the kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board from a drawer .
the person closed the drawer .
the person reopened the drawer .
the person closed the drawer again .
the person used the knife to assist in removing the garlic skins from the cloves of garlic .
the person walked over to a cabinet with the cutting board , .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person dumped the garlic skins into the trash .
the person opened the drawer a third time .
the person removed a garlic press .
the person used the garlic press to crush the garlic cloves .
the person used the knife to scrape the crushed garlic from the press onto the cutting board .
the person set down the knife and press .
the person took out garlic from the cabinet .
the person took out a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed the garlic on the cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person started cutting the garlic .
the person also used his hands to divide the garlic cloves .
the person got rid of the shell .
the person threw away the parts he did n't need .
the person got out a utensil from his drawer .
the person used the utensil to crush the garlic pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed some garlic cloves from the pantry .
the person carried some garlic cloves to the work area opposite from the pantry .
the person removed a small wooden cutting board and paring knife from the drawer below , .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter and the garlic on top of the cutting board .
the person sliced the end off from one clove of garlic .
the person peeled one clove of garlic , .
the person placed the cloves on the counter .
the person used the cutting board to carry the peels to the trash , .
where the person threw the peels away .
the person removed a garlic press from the same drawer , .
the person assembled a garlic press , .
the person placed one garlic clove inside .
the person squeezed the press over the cutting board .
the person pressed the second clove , .
this time scraped the minced garlic off from the bottom of the press as well .
the person removed two garlic cloves from a cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person peeled the cloves .
the person threw the peels in the garbage .
the person removed a garlic press from a drawer .
the person pressed the garlic in the press .
the person got garlic from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person threw the peels in a trash can .
the person got a garlic press from a drawer .
the person pressed the garlic over the cutting board .
the person scraped out the press with a knife .
the person entered the room .
the person retrieved garlic from the cabinet .
the person brought the garlic to the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a small knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person cut one end off of a garlic clove .
the person peeled a garlic clove .
the person discarded the garlic peeled into the trash bin under the counter .
the person took a garlic press from the drawer .
the person adjusted the garlic press .
the person inserted a garlic clove into the garlic press .
the person squeezed the garlic press .
the person scraped the extracted pulp off with the knife .
the person put the remaining garlic cloves in .
the person squeezed the press .
the person scraped off the pulp onto the cutting board .
the person nodded to somebody in the end .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a clove of garlic from the cabinet .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person prepared the garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person removed a garlic press from the drawer .
the person placed the garlic pieces into the press .
the person used the garlic press to mince the garlic .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took two garlic pieces .
the person opened the drawer under the prep area .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person removed the skin of the garlic .
the person took a garlic press from the drawer .
the person placed the garlic in the garlic press .
the person pressed the garlic press .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took two pieces of garlics .
the person opened the drawer under the prep area .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person placed the cutting board on the prep area .
the person cut the edge .
the person removed the skin of garlic .
the person put the wastes in the dust bin .
the person took a cutter from the drawer .
the person placed the garlic in the cutter .
the person finely chopped the garlic .
the person removed garlic from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the garlic over the cutting board .
the person threw the garlic skin in the garbage .
the person took out a mincer from the drawer .
the person placed the garlic in the mincer .
the person minced the garlic .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person looked around for an ingredient for a few seconds .
the person removed garlic from the shelves .
the person walked over to the kitchen counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person started cutting the garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person finished peeling the garlic .
the person threw away the garlic shells .
the person removed a kitchen utensil from the drawer .
the person crushed the garlic into very small pieces .
the person appeared the into the kitchen , .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person collected his garlic .
the person proceeded to the counter .
the person took out a knife to start the process of peeling the skin off the garlic .
the person first cut off a small section of the garlic .
this followed by the person taking the skin off both of the pieces of garlic .
the person disposed of the skin , .
the person took out another device .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed some garlic on a cutting board .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person scraped the remains in the trash .
the person minced the garlic .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some garlic from the cabinet .
the person took the garlic to the counter .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person set the garlic on the board .
the person got out a knife .
the person began to cut the ends off the garlic with the knife .
the person cut the garlic .
the person also peeled the garlic .
the person took the board to the trash .
the person emptied the peel into the trash .
the person put the garlic back on the board .
the person got out a garlic press .
the person put the garlic in the press .
the person crushed the garlic onto the board .
the person used the knife , he scraped garlic out of the press .
the person got some garlic from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person threw the peel away .
the person got a garlic press from the drawer .
the person put the garlic in the garlic press .
the person pressed all of the garlic .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took some garlic from a cupboard .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter and the garlic on the cutting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the edges of a garlic clove .
the person peeled off the skins .
the person set the garlic cloves aside .
the person threw away the garlic peeled .
the person placed the garlic cloves back onto the cutting board .
the person took a garlic press from the drawer .
the person placed the garlic into the garlic press .
the person squeezed the garlic through the garlic press .
the person scraped the garlic off of the press with a knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a garlic bulb from the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the end from the garlic bulb .
the person peeled the skin from the bulb of garlic .
the person threw away the skins from the bulb of garlic .
the person took a garlic press from the drawer .
the person placed the garlic clove into the press .
the person squeezed the clove through the garlic press .
the person scraped the garlic clove from the garlic press .
the person took some garlic out of the pantry .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of some drawers .
the person peeled the skin off of the garlic .
the person threw the skin in the trash .
the person took a specialized garlic cutter out of the drawer .
the person placed the garlic into the cutter .
the person pressed the garlic .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled garlic out the cabinet .
the person pulled out a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person sliced the garlic on the cutting board .
the person crushed the garlic into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some garlic from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the ends off the garlic .
the person threw away the ends .
the person got a garlic press from the drawer .
the person put the cloves of garlic into the press .
the person squeezed out the garlic .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed a whole pineapple on a cutting board .
the person took out a big sharp knife .
first cut off the tag attached to a whole pineapple .
the person placed the pineapple horizontally on the cutting board .
the person cut off the crown , the green , leafy top of the pineapple .
the person threw this disc into the dustbin .
the person cut off a thin disc , off the other end of the pineapple .
the person now placed the pineapple vertically .
the person cut the pineapple into half .
the person took out another knife .
the person took one half of the pineapple .
the person placed the pineapple , the rind side up .
the person proceeded to cut approximately one centimetre thick slices .
the person took each of these slices , cut off the rind with a knife , along with a bit of underlying flesh .
the person placed these peeled slices on a plate .
the person made nine semi-circular slices of the other half .
the person cut off the rind in the same manner .
the person placed all the slices on the same plate .
the person took out a cutting board , a pineapple , and a knife .
the person removed the tag from the pineapple , .
the person laid the pineapple on its side , .
the person cut off the top .
the person threw away the leaves , .
the person cut off the bottom of the pineapple , .
the person threw the bottom away .
the person sliced the pineapple in half .
the person cut one pineapple half into thin slices .
the person grabbed a plate , .
the person removed the inside from the peel , .
the person placed the pineapple onto a plate .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person did the removing of the pineapple inside with the other half .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected a cutting board .
the person selected a pineapple from the cupboard and a large knife from the drawer .
the person first cut off the tag .
the person disposed of the tag and the top of the pineapple .
the person cut off the top of the pineapple .
the person also cut off the bottom .
the person cut the bottom from the pineapple .
the person disposed the bottom .
the person cut the pineapple in half from top to bottom .
the person put one half cut side down onto the cutting board .
carefully sliced one pineapple half into thin slices .
the person peeled each slice with a small knife .
the person put the slices onto a plate .
the person disposed of the peels .
the person repeated slicing the second pineapple half .
the person peeled the second pineapple half .
the person entered .
the person took out a cutting board from a large drawer .
the person took a pineapple out of a cabinet .
the person opened the drawer .
the person selected a large butcher 's knife .
the person took the tag off of the pineapple .
the person threw the tag away .
the person lay the pineapple on it was side .
the person cut off the crown .
the person threw away the crown .
the person continued to cut the pineapple at the base .
the person stood the pineapple upright .
the person cut down the middle .
the person sliced one half of the pineapple without peeling it .
the person went the cabinet .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person peeled each slice .
the person put each slice on the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person placed the pineapple on the cutting board .
the person got a large knife from the drawer .
the person used the knife to remove the tag from the pineapple .
the person threw the tag away .
the person cut the top off first .
the person threw the top away .
the person laid the pineapple down .
the person cut off the bottom .
the person threw the bottom away .
the person cut the pineapple vertically down the middle .
the person went in the drawer .
the person got out a much smaller knife .
the person put one half off to the side .
the person began thinly slicing the other pineapple half .
the person finished slicing the other pineapple half .
the person went to the cabinet .
one by one the person used the smaller knife to cut the hard exterior off of the fruit .
the person placed the fruit on the plate .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person grabbed the other half .
the person repeated the peeling process again .
the person cut off a piece .
the person ate a piece left on the last peel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person got a pineapple out of the pantry .
the person got a knife out .
the person chopped off the tag .
the person discarded the tag .
the person cut off the green stem and end piece .
the person discarded the green stem and end piece .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person got a smaller knife .
the person set a smaller knife down .
the person used the larger knife and cut the pineapple into slices .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person used the smaller knife to cut the rind off each piece .
the person placed each pineapple piece on the plate .
the person threw away all the rind .
the person repeated the cutting the rind for the rest of the pineapple .
the person ate a piece of the pineapple .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person brought a pineapple from the cupboard .
the person placed a pineapple on the cutting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer , .
the person cut the label from the pineapple .
the person threw the label in the waste bin .
the person cut the stalk and end from the pineapple .
the person threw the stalk and end in the bin .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person took another knife from the drawer .
the person sliced one of the halves into half round slices .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate to the cutting board .
the person trimmed the skin from the slices .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person threw the trimmings into the bin .
the person sliced the other half into half round slices .
the person peeled these slices .
the person placed the pineapple slices on the plate .
the person tasted a piece of pineapple .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a whole pineapple from the cupboard .
the person placed a whole pineapple on the cutting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the label from the pineapple .
the person threw the label in the waste bin .
the person cut the stem from the pineapple .
the person discarded the stem and bottom into the bin .
the person cut the bottom from the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple in a long half .
the person took a second knife from the drawer .
the person put one half on the counter .
the person sliced the other half into half rounds .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled each half round slice .
the person put each half round slice on the plate .
the person discard the peelings into the waste bin .
the person sliced the other half into half round slices .
the person peeled the slices .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person tasted a piece of pineapple .
the person gathered the trimmings on the cutting board .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a pineapple out of the cabinet .
the person cut the tag off the pineapple .
the person threw the tag away .
the person sliced off the top of the pineapple .
the person threw the top in the garbage .
the person sliced off the bottom .
the person threw the bottom away .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person took out another knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the pineapple into pieces .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the skin off the pieces of pineapple .
the person placed the skinless pieces onto the plate .
the person threw the pieces of skin into the garbage .
the person did the peeling the skin for the other half of pineapple .
the person entered .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a pineapple from the fridge .
the person took a large knife from the drawer .
the person cut the tag off of the pineapple .
the person placed the tag into the trash .
the person cut the leafy top and the bottom off of the pineapple .
the person threw the leafy top and the bottom away .
the person sliced the pineapple down the middle .
the person grabbed a small knife from the drawer .
the person used the large knife to slice one pineapple half .
the person skinned the pineapple slices with the small knife .
the person threw the skins in the trash .
the person sliced the second half of the pineapple .
the person removed the skin from the slices .
the person ate a small piece of pineapple .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
from the cabinet the person retrieved a pineapple .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut off the tag .
the person threw the tag away .
the person sliced off the top and bottom of the pineapple .
the person threw the top and bottom pieces of the pineapple away .
the person cut the pineapple in half from top to bottom .
the person moved one half to the side .
the person sliced the other half into thin slices .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person placed a plate to the cutting board .
the person cut the rind off the slices of pineapple .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person repeated the slicing process with the other half .
the person cut a piece off the last slice of pineapple .
the person ate the last slice .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a pineapple from a refrigerator .
the person sliced off the top and the bottom of the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple in half lengthwise .
the person got a small knife from a drawer .
the person sliced half of the pineapple into half moon shapes .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person cut the skin off the half moon slices with the small knife .
the person put the cut pineapple on the plate .
the person put the skin in a trash can .
the person sliced the other half into half moon shapes .
the person cut the pineapple skin off the moons .
the person put the pineapple moons on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got out a cutting board , .
the person placed the board on the counter , .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed a pineapple .
the person closed the cabinet .
the person placed the pineapple on the counter .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person chopped off the green portion of the pineapple .
the person tossed the trimmings in the trash .
the person sliced the pineapple in half .
the person peeled the slices .
the person allowed the peels to stay on the chopping board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a large cutting board .
the person went to the pantry .
the person retrieved a pineapple .
the person put the pineapple on the cutting board .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the tag off the pineapple .
the person threw the tag away .
the person cut the crown off of the pineapple .
the person threw the crown away .
the person cut the bottom of the pineapple off .
the person threw the bottom in the garbage .
the person cut the pineapple in half from the top .
the person cut one half of the pineapple into slices .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person used the knife to cut the skin off the pineapple slices .
the person put the pineapple slices on the plate .
the person threw away the pineapple skin .
the person repeated this process for the other half of the pineapple .
the person in a kitchen went to the cupboard .
the person retrieved a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board onto the counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a pineapple .
the person placed a pineapple onto the cutting board .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the top of the pineapple .
the person threw the top in the trash .
the person cut the bottom of the pineapple .
the person threw the bottom in the trash .
the person cut the pineapple in half the long way .
the person sliced 1/2 of the pineapple .
the person removed the skin from the pineapple .
the person sliced the other half of the pineapple .
the person removed the skin from the other half of the pineapple .
the person tasted the pineapple .
the person pulled out a cutting wooden cutting board .
the person placed a pineapple on the cutting board .
the person removed the tag , .
first , the person cut off the top greenery of the pineapple .
the person began to slice up the pineapple .
the person discarded the top greenery .
second , the person removed the bottom part , .
also discarding the bottom part .
the person flipped the pineapple upside down .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person flipped the second half cut side down .
the person placed one half of the pineapple off the cutting board , .
the person proceeded to cut the pineapple into manageable pieces , .
the person fetched a plate from the cupboard , .
the person removed the rind .
the person placed the pineapple on the plate .
the person did the same process to the second half of the pineapple , he had previously set aside .
the person consumed a small piece .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person than took a pineapple out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the tag , stem and bottom off of the pineapple .
the person put the tag , stem and bottom into the trash .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person opened the drawer to take out a new knife .
the person sliced one half of the pineapple .
the person went into a cabinet to get a plate .
the person set the plate on the counter .
the person began cutting the skin off the pineapple slices .
the person put the peels into the garbage can .
the person than sliced the second half of the pineapple .
the person peeled the second half of the pineapple .
the person ate the last piece of pineapple that he peeled .
the person removed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a pineapple from a cabinet .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the tag from the pineapple .
the person cut the top and bottom off of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut the half into slices .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled each sliced .
the person placed each slice on a plate .
the person threw the peels in the trash .
the person repeated the peeling on the other half .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from under the counter .
the person got a pineapple from the pantry .
the person got a knife out from the drawer .
the person threw away the tag on the pineapple .
the person cut the top and bottom off the pineapple .
the person threw the pieces away .
the person cut the pineapple in half down the middle from top to bottom .
the person got another knife out from the drawer .
the person sliced one of the halves of the pineapple .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person set a plate to the pineapple .
the person used a knife to cut the rind off the slices of pineapple .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person took the rinds of the slices .
the person threw the rinds away .
the person took the other pineapple half .
the person sliced the other pineapple half .
the person used a knife to cut the rind off those slices .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person cut a piece of pineapple from the last slice .
the person ate a piece .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a pineapple out of the fridge .
the person put a pineapple on the cutting board .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the tag off the fruit , .
the person threw the tag away .
the person cut the top and the bottom off the pineapple .
the person threw the top and the bottom in the garbage .
the person stood the pineapple on one of the cut-off ends .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person removed a smaller knife from the drawer .
the person set one of the halves aside .
the person used the original , larger knife to cut the other half into slices .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person used the small knife to peel the rinds off of the slices .
the person placed the fruit onto the plate .
the person was finished , he threw the rinds into the garbage .
the person sliced the other half .
the person removed the rinds in the same way .
the person put the pieces of fruit on the plate .
the person ate a small piece of pineapple .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , pineapple and knife .
the person took the tag off of the pineapple , .
the person put the pineapple on its side , .
the person cut off the top .
the person cut off the bottom of the pineapple , .
the person cut the main portion in half lengthwise .
the person sliced one half into thin slices , .
the person took out a plate .
for each slice , the person cut the skin off .
the person peeled all of the pineapple slices , .
the person placed the fruit onto the plate .
the person sliced the other half of the pineapple , .
the person removed the skin .
the person placed the other half of the pineapple onto the plate as well .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a pineapple .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the ends off of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person took out a smaller knife .
the person cut half the pineapple into thin slices .
the person used the small knife to peel the thin slices .
the person placed the peeled pieces of pineapple onto a plate .
the person cut the other half of pineapple into slices .
the person peeled the slices .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person also took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed two slices of bread on the plate .
the person placed the loaf of bread back in the cabinet .
the person plugged the toaster into an outlet .
the person placed the slices of bread into the toaster .
the person removed a butter knife from the drawer .
the person used tongs to take the bread out of the toaster .
the person washed the tongs in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen , .
bent down to get the toaster .
the person set the toaster on the counter .
the person turned to the cabinet to get the bread .
the person opened another cabinet .
the person got a plate , .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person opened the bread .
the person got out two pieces .
the person closed the bread , .
the person put the bread back into the cabinet .
the person pulled up the outlet , .
the person plugged in the toaster , .
the person adjusted the darkness setting on the toaster .
the person placed the bread in the toaster , .
the person pushed down the handle .
the person waited for the bread to finish , .
the person emptied bread crumbs into the sink from the plate .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a butter knife , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a pair of tongs , .
the person used a pair of tongs to get the bread out of the toaster .
the person placed his toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster , .
the person moved the toaster over .
the person put the knife back in the drawer .
the person washed the tongs , .
the person placed the tongs in the drawer as well .
the person scooted over .
the person picked up a toaster .
the person went to the pantry .
the person took out the bread .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person went to a cupboard .
the person pulled out a plate .
the person untied the bread .
the person pulled out two slices , .
the person retied the bread .
the person stored the bread .
the person pulled up the power supply .
the person plugged in the toaster , .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person waited for the toast to finish .
the person pulled open the drawer .
the person pulled out a knife .
the person checked the fridge .
the person did n't take anything out .
the person found tongs .
the person pulled the toast out with the tongs .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person moved the toaster aside .
the person also stored the unused knife .
the person washed the tongs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster .
the person removed bread and a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed some bread from the loaf .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person placed the loaf of bread back into the cabinet .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person toasted the bread .
the person waited on the bread to toast , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person closed the refrigerator , .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person used tongs to remove the bread from the toaster .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person cleaned off the tongs .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took the toaster out of the rack .
the person placed the toaster on the platform .
the person took out the bread packet from the cupboard .
the person placed the bread packet on the platform .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed a plate on the platform .
the person opened the bread packet , .
the person took out two bread slices .
the person placed two bread slices on the plate .
the person closed the bread packet .
the person placed the bread packet in the cupboard .
the person opened the electrical socket on the platform .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person placed the two bread slices in the toaster .
the person switched on the toaster .
the person took out the butter knife .
the person placed the butter knife on the plate .
upon completion , the person switched off the toaster .
the person took out the forceps .
the person removed the bread slices from the toaster .
the person placed the bread slices on the plate .
the person removed the electrical connection from the socket .
the person picked the knife on the plate .
the person placed the knife in the drawer .
the person took the forceps .
the person cleaned the forceps in the sink .
the person wiped the forceps dry with the cloth .
the person placed the forceps in the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person placed two slices of bread and a plate on the counter .
the person proceeded to plug in the toaster .
the person inserted the bread into the toaster .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person was waiting .
the person placed his hand over the toaster .
the person drummed his fingers on the counter .
at one point , the person shook the crumbs from the plate into the sink .
the person drummed his fingers on the counter .
the person opened up the drawer beneath the counter .
the person took out a knife .
the person opened up the refrigerator , .
the person looked inside .
the person closed the refrigerator door without removing anything .
the person went back to the toaster , .
the person felt the heat with his hand .
manually ejected the toast .
the person used tongs to remove the toast slices .
the person placed the toast slices on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the unused knife back in the drawer .
the person washed the tongs .
the person put the tongs in the drawer as well .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a toaster from the bottom drawer .
the person took a loaf of bread from the back cabinet .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took two slices of bread .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person put the bread back in the cabinet .
the person plugged the toaster up .
the person put two slices of bread inside .
the person put his hand over the toaster .
the person opened the refrigerator , .
the person looked inside .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person turned the lever .
the bread popped up .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out tongs .
the person used the tongs to put the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the knife away in the drawer .
the person washed the tongs .
the person rinsed the tongs .
the person dried the tongs off .
the person put the tongs back in the drawer .
the person walked into the room .
the person pulled a toaster out from under the counter .
the person went to the cubard .
the person got out a loaf of bread .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person went back to get a plate .
the person opened the loaf of bread .
the person placed two pieces on the plate .
the person put the rest of the loaf away .
the person put the bread into the toaster .
the person waited impatiently .
the person waited awhile .
the person drummed his fingers on the counter top .
the person drummed his fingers on the counter top .
the person pulled a knife from a drew that he did not use .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took nothing out .
the person turned the dial on the toaster to get the toasts to pop up .
the person pulled tongs from the drawer to remove the bread from the toaster .
the person washed the tongs .
the person put the tongs away .
the person entered .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person retrieved bread from the pantry .
the person replaced the loaf in the pantry .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person placed two slices in the toaster , .
the person waited for his toast to cook .
the person placed the toast onto a plate using tongs .
the person put the tongs away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a toaster from a shelf .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person took two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person put the loaf back in the cabinet .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person put the bread in .
the person opened the drawer .
the person grabbed a butter knife .
the person opened a drawer .
the person grabbed a pair of tongs .
the person removed the toast with the tongs .
the person put the butter knife away .
the person cleaned the tongs in the sink .
the person put the tongs away .
the person walked into the room .
they proceeded to bend down in front of the table .
they looked through what appeared to be a toaster .
they brought a toaster out .
the person set a toaster on the table .
they got some bread out .
the person placed some bread in the toaster .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person got a wrapped loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person sat a wrapped loaf of bread on the counter .
the person got a plate from another cabinet , .
also placed a plate on the counter .
the person opened the bread .
the person pulled out two slices .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person closed the bread .
the person returned the bread to the cabinet .
the person pulled an electrical plug up from the counter .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person placed the two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person pressed down the lever .
the person waited for the toast , .
the person dumped bread crumbs off the plate into the sink .
the person also opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a butter knife .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person looked for something , .
the person returned to the counter with nothing .
the person pulled tongs out of the drawer .
the person used the tongs to place the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person placed the butter knife back in the drawer .
the person rinsed the tongs off in the sink .
the person put the tongs back in the drawer .
the person took a toaster out of a kitchen cabinet .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the pantry and a plate from the cabinet .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person put the rest of the loaf back .
the person popped up an outlet tower from the counter top .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person put the slices of bread in the toaster .
the person pushed the lever down to toast .
the person waved his hand above the toaster , .
the person shook the crumbs off the plate into the sink .
the person looked inside the toaster .
the person removed a butter knife from a drawer .
the person leaned a knife on the plate .
the person opened the refrigerator door , .
the person reached around inside .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person popped the toast up .
the person used a set of tongs from a drawer to take the toast out .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person pushed the outlet tower back down into the counter top .
the person put the knife back in the drawer , .
the person washed the tongs .
the person put the tongs back in the drawer .
the person took a toaster out of a drawer .
the person took a bag of bread out of the pantry .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person put two slices of bread onto the plate .
the person put the slices of bread into the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person took a pair of tongs out of a drawer .
the person put the toast on the plate with the tongs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a toaster from the cabinet .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person took two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person put the loaf back in the cabinet .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person placed the bread in .
the person opened the drawer .
the person grabbed the butter knife .
the person opened the drawer .
the person grabbed tongs .
the person removed the toast with the tongs .
the person put the butter knife away .
the person cleaned the tongs in the sink .
the person placed the tongs away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a toaster .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got a loaf of bread .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got a plate .
the person took two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person put the loaf back in the pantry .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person waited .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person put a knife on the plate .
the person went to the fridge .
the person did not select an item .
they were finished .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person moved the toaster aside .
the person washed the tongs in the sink .
the person put the tongs away .
the person grabbed a toaster .
the person placed a toaster on the counter .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed two sliced pieces of bread on the plate .
the person put the rest of the bread away .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person placed the slices of bread in the toaster .
the person placed his hand over the toaster .
the person shook the plate over the sink .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person turned the toaster off .
the person picked up the toast using tongs .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person placed the knife in the drawer .
the person washed off the tongs .
the person placed the tongs back in the drawer .
a young person came into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a toaster from the cabinet below the countertop .
the person went to the cabinets behind her .
the person took out a loaf of sliced bread , .
the person retrieved a plate from a different cabinet behind her .
the person took two slices of bread from the loaf , .
closed the package up , .
the person returned the package to the cabinet .
the person raised the plug tower .
the person plugged in the toaster .
briefly checking the toaster setting and mechanisms .
the person carefully inserted the bread sliced into the toaster , .
the person pushed the plunger for the bread to go into the toaster .
the person tapped off any crumbs .
the person waited for the bread to toast , .
the person tapped his fingers on the counter .
the person again checked that the toaster was heating , .
the person tossed the crumbs off the plate into the nearby sink , .
the person drummed his fingers some more on the countertop .
the person took a knife out of the drawer below the countertop .
the person laid a knife on the plate .
the person went to the refrigertor to his left .
the person felt around for something .
the person came back to the countertop without anything .
the person fiddled some more with the toaster settings .
the person raised the toasted bread .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out some rubber-tipped tongs to lift the hot toast from the toaster .
the person closed up the tongs , .
the person placed the tongs on the countertop .
the person unplugged the toaster from the plug tower , .
the person put the knife back in the drawer .
the person washed the tongs in the nearby sink using a scrubber sponge .
the person rinsed the tongs off .
the person dried the tongs .
the person placed the tongs back in the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person placed the bread on a plate .
the person placed the loaf of bread back into the cabinet .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person placed the bread inside .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person looked in the fridge .
the person removed tongs from the drawer .
the person removed the toast from the toaster .
the person placed the knife back into the drawer .
the person washed the tongs .
the person placed the tongs back into the drawer .
the person pulled a toaster out from under the counter .
the person pulled a loaf of bred from the cupboard , followed by a plate .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate , .
the person put the rest of the loaf back in the cupboard .
the person fiddled with a circle on the counter , which turned out to be a power outlet , .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person placed the two slices of bread into the toaster .
the person waited , .
at one point , the person held his hand over the toaster .
the person tapped his fingers on the counter .
the person dumped the crumbs from the plate into the sink .
the person tapped his fingers on the counter .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person pulled out a knife , .
the person indecisively looked in the refrigerator , .
the toaster popped , the person pulled a pair of thongs from the drawer , .
the person removed the toast from the toaster to his plate .
the person unplugged the toaster , .
the person put the circle thing back into the counter .
the person decided to wash the tongs first .
the person put the tongs away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person peeled the onion , .
the person sliced the onion .
the placed the sliced onion on the plate , .
the person cleaned up the counter some .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a small plate and onion out of the cabinet .
the person pulled a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person peeled the onion with the knife .
the person sliced the onion on the cutting board .
the person placed the onions on the small plate .
the person tossed the onion skins into the garbage .
the person opened two cabinets .
the person removed a plate and an onion .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person got out a knife .
the person cut off the ends of the onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion into small pieces .
the person scraped the onion pieces onto the plate .
the person threw away the discarded parts of the onion .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboards .
the person took out an onion and a plate .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person peeled the skin off the onion with the knife over the sink .
the person cut the onion on the cutting board .
the person chopped the onion into smaller pieces .
the person scraped the chopped onions off the cutting board onto the plate .
the person threw the onion peeled into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the pantry .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the end off of the onion .
the person removed the outer skin of the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person cut each onion half into slices .
the person chopped the onion .
the person turned the slices one quarter turn .
the person sliced the slices again .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed an onion .
the person grabbed a plate and a cutting board .
the person peeled an onion .
the person cut the peeled onion .
the person poured the onion in the bowl .
the person threw away the outside of the onion .
the person got an onion from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person peeled the onion over the sink with the knife .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person put the diced onions on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the right cabinet .
the left cabinet .
the person removed the onion out of the left cabinet .
closed the cabinet .
the person got the plate out of the right cabinet .
the person closed the door .
the person walked to the counter .
the person placed the plate down .
the person opened the lower cabinet .
the person removed the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter beside the plate .
the person opened the utensil drawer .
the person removed the knife .
the person peeled the onion .
the person placed the onion peeled on the on the sink , .
the person cut the onion up in fine pieces .
the person moved the cutting board closer to the sink .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board , .
the person removed the onion peelings off the sink .
the person opened the bottom cabinet .
the person placed the onion peelings in trash .
the person came back .
the person picked up the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a plate and an onion from the pantry , .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person peeled the skin off the onion , .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board , .
the person chopped the onion into small pieces .
the person brushed the pieces into the bowl with the knife .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person tossed the onion skin into the trash .
the person picked up the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion and plate from the pantry .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person used the knife to remove the skin of the onion .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person chopped the onion into small pieces .
the person put the chopped onion on the plate .
the person threw away the skin .
the person took anion and plate out of the cupboard .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of a drawer .
the person peeled the onion with the knife .
the person cut the onion into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person put the onion pieces on the plate .
the person threw the onion peeled in the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a plate and onion from the cabinets .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person put the onions on the plate .
the person discarded the peelings into the bin .
the person got an onion and a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the peel from the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person cut the halves into slices .
the person cut the slices into small pieces .
the person threw the peels in the garbage .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person peeled an onion over the sink .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person scraped the onion on a plate with a knife .
the person person tossed the trash in the garbage .
the person gathered a plate , cutting board , knife , and onion .
the person placed the items on the counter .
the person cut the skin from the onion with the knife .
the person chopped the onion on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped onion on a plate .
the person discarded the onion skin .
the person opened the cabinets .
the person removed a plate .
the person searched for a cutting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person peeled an onion .
the person chopped and onion .
the person scraped the onion onto the plate .
the person threw out the onion peeled .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person opened the pantry .
the person got an onion .
the person got a small plate .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got out a smalling cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the onion with the knife .
the person chopped the onion .
the person put the onions on the plate .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took a plate and onion from the cabinet .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person peeled the onion by the sink .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person chopped up the onion .
the person put the onion on the plate .
the person put the peeling in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out an onion and a plate .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person began cutting the onion on the cutting board .
the person scraped the onion onto a plate .
the person threw the onion peel in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the onion to the sink .
the person cut the onion into small pieces .
the person put the cut onion onto a plate .
the person disposed of the onion husk .
the person got two cups from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg .
the person broke the egg in half .
the person let the white run into the cup .
the person kept the yolk in the shell pouring out the white .
the person placed the yolk in the other cup .
the person threw away the shell .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two cups from the cabinet .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person separated an egg over one of the cups .
the person allowed the whites to drop into the cup .
the person placed the yolk in the other cup .
the person discarded the shell into the garbage bin .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two mugs out of the cabinet .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg .
the person put the egg white in the other mug .
the person separated the egg .
the person put the egg yolk in one mug .
the person discarded the egg shell .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out two cups .
the person took out an eggs from the fridge .
the person cracked the egg .
the person collected the egg white into one of the cups .
the person put the egg yellow into the other cup .
the person threw the waste into the dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two cups from the cabinet .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person cracked an egg on the counter .
the person held the egg over one cup .
the person let the white of the egg fall into the cup .
the person put the yolk of the egg into the other cup .
the person threw away the eggshell .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed two mugs from the cabinet .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an egg .
the person cracked the egg on the counter .
the person put the yolk in one mug and the egg white in another .
the person discarded the egg shells .
the person washed his hands .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took two small cups from the cupboard .
the person placed these cups on the counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got an egg from a compartment in the door .
the person carefully cracked the egg on the edge of the countertop .
the person held the egg over one cup .
the person let the egg white fall into the cup below .
the person poured the contents back and forth from one half of the shell to the other four times .
only the yolk remained , the person poured the yolk into the second cup .
the person discarded the egg shell in the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person pulled two mugs out of the cupboard .
the person pulled an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg .
the person held on to the yolk in the small side of the egg .
the person passed the yolk from one side of the shell to the other until all the white was out of the shell .
an allowed the white to separate into one of the mugs .
the person dropped the yolk into the other mug , .
the person threw away the shell , .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out two cups .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an egg .
the person cracked the egg on the counter .
the person separated the yolk from the white .
the person put the yolk in one cup and the white in the other .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out two white glass cups .
the person cracked a brown egg .
the person dumped the egg yolk in the cup .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two small white bowled out of the cabinet .
the person went to the fridge .
the person took out an egg .
the person cracked the egg on the edge of the counter .
barely opened the egg over one of the white bowled , .
the person carefully transferred the yolk of the egg between the two halves of the egg shell to fully separate the yolk from the white of the egg .
the person put the egg yolk in the other small bowl .
the person scooped the remaining egg white out of the shells into the bowl .
the person threw away the egg shells , .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person got two cups from a cabinet .
the person got a brown egg from a refrigerator .
the person separated the egg white into one cup .
the person put the egg yolk in the other cup .
the person threw the egg shell in a trash can .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person removed two cups .
the person walked to the counter .
the person placed the two cups on the counter .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person got out an egg .
the person walked back to the counter .
the person cracked the egg , .
the person drained the white of the egg into one cup .
the person maintained the yolk in the shell .
the person placed the yolk in the second cup .
the person threw away the shell , .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two cups from the cabinet .
the person retrieved an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg over one of the cups .
the person separated the yolk from the white by sifting the yolk back and forth in the shell halves .
the person put the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person threw away the egg shells .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person pulled out two white cups .
the person set the two white cups down on the counter .
the person went to the fridge to get two brown eggs .
the person separated the egg white into one cup .
the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person threw away the egg shells .
the person did n't wash his hands long enough .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed out two small containers from the cabinet .
the person placed the two small containers on the counter .
the person took eggs from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the eggs into the container .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out two coffee mugs .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got an egg .
the person cracked the egg on the counter .
the person strained the egg white into one of the mugs .
the person put the yolk in the other .
the person threw the shells in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person opened the pantry door .
the person removed two identical cups from the cupboard .
the person placed the cups on the counter top .
the person opened the fridge .
the person removed an egg from the top compartment .
the person cracked the egg against the counter , .
the person separated the whites into one cup by moving the whites back and forth between each half of the shell .
the person poured the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person used his fingers and removed the remaining egg white from the shells .
the person threw the eggshells in the trash , .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two cups from the cupboard , and an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg on the table , .
the person separated the whites into one cup by moving the whites back and forth between each half of the shell .
the person put the yolk into the other cup , .
the person discarded the shells .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person obtained two medium coffee cups .
the person put the cups on a table .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed an egg .
the person cracked the egg on the edge of the table .
the person allowed some of the egg whites to drip into one of the cups .
the person carefully transferred the yolk between the two shells .
the person dumped only the yolk into the second cup .
the person threw the broken egg shells into the trash .
the person rinsed his hands with water .
the person went to a cabinet .
the person removed a loaf of bread .
the person went to a different cabinet .
the person looked for a plate that he removed from a bottom shelf .
the person took the plate to the same counter where the bread was located .
the person placed the plate to the bread .
the person opened the loaf of bread , .
the person took two pieces out , .
the person placed two pieces on the plate .
the person tied the twist on the loaf of bread .
the person took the plate of bread to an adjacent counter .
the person took the plug of a toaster , .
the person inserted the plug of a toaster into an outlet on the wall , .
the person adjusted the dial .
the person put the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person lowered the toaster lever .
the person returned the loaf of bread to the cabinet .
the person went to the toaster counter , .
stood there , .
the person watched .
the person touched the toaster .
the person paced around the kitchen floor , with his hands behind his back .
the person re-positioned his hands to his front , .
the person waited in front of the toaster , .
the person looked into the toaster a few times .
the person popped the toaster lever , .
the person removed the toaster cord .
the person relocated the toaster further back on the counter .
the person took the slices of toast out of the toaster , .
the person placed the slices of toast on the plate .
the person left the kitchen .
the person pulled a loaf of store bought bread from the cupboard , .
the person fetched a plate .
the person undid the bread tie , .
the person pulled out a two slices of ` texas toast ' style bread .
the person put a two slices of ` texas toast ' style bread on the plate , .
the person retieed the bread bag .
the person took his plated bread .
the person went to the toaster to plug the toaster in and adjust the settings .
before the person slotted the bread into place .
firmly pushing the lever securely down , .
the person turned , .
the person noticed the loaf of bread still on the counter .
the person snatched the loaf of bread smoothly up to replace back into the cupboard .
the person fiddled with the settings , .
the person stood back resigned to wait a few more seconds , .
the person dialed the setting down - toast ! .
the person unplugged the toaster .
slip the toaster back to it was corner .
the person retrieved the toast .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took two slices of bread out of the bag .
the person put the two slices on the plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person put the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person put the bag of bread back in the cabinet .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person popped the toasted bread .
the person put the toasted bread on the plate .
the person walked out of the room with the plate of bread .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a package of bread from the cabinet .
the person took a white plate out of another cabinet .
the person put a white plate on the counter .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person put the package of bread back in the cabinet .
the person twisted the knob .
the person twisted the knob .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person walked out of the kitchen with the plate .
the person opened the panty .
the person brought out a loaf of bread .
the person pulled out a plate from the cupboard .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person opened the loaf of bread , .
the person withdrew two slices .
the person placed two slices on the plate .
the person retied the loaf of bread .
the person took the plate over to the toaster .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person set the toaster , .
the person put the bread in to toast .
the person put away the loaf of bread in the pantry .
the person watched the toaster .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person adjusted the cooking temperature .
the person waited for the toast .
the person paced back and forth as he waited for the toast to be finished .
the person made the toast pop .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person set the toaster aside .
the person placed the two slices of toast on the plate .
the person walked away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread out of the pantry .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person took two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person put the loaf of bread back in the pantry .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person walked out of the kitchen with the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took bread from the cabinet .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took two slices of bread from the bag .
the person placed the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person turned on the toaster .
the person placed the bread back in the cabinet .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person took the bread out of the toaster .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took bread from the cabinet .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took two slices of bread from the bag .
the person turned on the toaster .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person placed the bread back in the cabinet .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the men took the bread out of the toasted .
the person placed the bread on a plate .
the subject of the video walked into the kitchen , .
the person opened a cabinet , .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person also removed a plate from another cabinet .
the person opened the bag of bread , .
the person removed two slices , .
the person closed the bag .
the person plugged in his toaster .
the person put the bread inside .
the person returned the rest of the loaf of bread to the cabinet .
the person waited for the toaster , fidgeting and pacing back and forth .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person removed the toast , .
the person placed the toast on the plate , .
the person left the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed two pieces of bread onto the plate .
the person placed the bread into the toaster .
the person placed the loaf of bread back into the cabinet .
the person removed the toast from the toaster .
the person placed the toast on a plate .
the person took a wrapped loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person placed a wrapped loaf of bread on the counter .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person opened the bread .
the person put two slices on the plate .
the person retied the twist tie on the bread .
the person carried the plate over to the toaster .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person placed the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person pushed down the toaster lever .
the person returned to the bread .
the person carried the bread back to the cabinet .
the person put the bread back in .
the person walked back over to the toaster .
the person paced back and forth continuing to wait .
the person waited for the toast .
the toast popped up , .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person picked up the plate .
the person walked away .
the person got a loaf of bread from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person toasted the bread in the toaster .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed bread from the pantry .
the person removed a plate .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person placed bread on the plate .
the person closed the bread , .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person pressed the button on the toaster .
the person placed the rest of the bread back where the bread belonged .
the person waited on the toaster to toast the bread .
the person removed the toast from the toaster .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person got bread out of a cabinet .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took two pieces of bread from the bag .
the person put two pieces of bread on the plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person adjusted the settings on the toaster .
the person put in the bread .
the person pressed down the lever to toast the bread .
the person put the rest of the bread away .
the toast popped up .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person left with the plate .
a young person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person got a plate from another cabinet .
the person removed two pieces .
the person pluged a black toaster in .
the person adjusted the dials .
the person put the two slices of bread in a black toaster , .
the person waited what seemed like a long time for the toast .
the person adjusted a dial again .
the toast popped up , perfectly golden .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person walked out of the room .
the person retrieved a package of sliced bread and a plate from a cupboard .
the person placed a package of sliced bread and a plate on the counter .
the person removed two sliced of bread from the package .
the person placed two sliced of bread on the plate .
the person plugged a toaster into an electrical outlet .
the person placed each slice of bread into one of the toaster slots .
the person pushed the toaster lever down .
the slices of bread moved into the toaster .
the toaster heated the slices of bread .
the toaster popped the bread sliced back upward through the toaster slots .
the person removed the slices of bread from the toaster slots .
the person placed the slices of bread onto a plate .
the person grabbed a bag of sliced bread from a cabinet .
the person took out a plate from another cabinet .
the person opened the bag .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person put the plate on the other side of the counter .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person adjusted the settings on the toaster .
the person placed the slices into the toaster , .
the person started the toaster .
the person put the bread away .
the person put the finished toast onto the plate .
the person exited the kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person placed two slices of bread on the plate .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person place the two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person placed the loaf of bread back .
the person paced .
the person waited for the toaster to finish .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person grabbed the finished toast .
the person plated the toast .
the person walked away .
the young person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person placed a loaf of bread onto the counter top .
the young person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate onto the counter top .
the person opened the loaf of bread .
the person removed two slices of bread .
the person placed the two slices of bread on the plate .
the person closed the loaf of bread .
the person went to the other counter top with the toaster .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person placed the two slices of bread into the toaster .
the person pushed the lever down on the side of the toaster to initiate the toaster oven .
the person waited approximately two minutes until the toaster ejected the bread out of the machine .
the young person unplugged the toaster , .
the person removed the two slices of toasted bread .
the person placed the two slices of toasted bread on the plate .
the person grabbed the plate .
the person left the kitchen .
the person took a bag of bread out of the pantry .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person took two slices of bread out of the bag .
the person tied the bag of bread closed .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person put the slices of bread in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the bag of bread back in the pantry .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a metal bowl out of the drawer .
the person took green beans out of the refrigerator .
the person took some of the beans out of the package .
the person put some of the beans in the bowl .
the person washed the beans in the bowl in the sink .
the person emptied the water .
the person took the bowl out of the sink .
the person put the beans on the cutting board .
the person cut off the ends .
the person threw the ends in the garbage pail .
the person chopped the green beans into small pieces .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person washed a plate .
the person put the chopped beans onto the plate .
the person got a cutting board , a knife , and a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person put the metal bowl in the sink .
the person got beans from a refrigerator .
the person put half the beans in the bowl .
the person put the other half back in the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the beans in the bowl .
the person cut the ends off the beans .
the person put the ends in the trash .
the person rinsed his hand .
the person sliced the beans with the knife .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person put the sliced beans on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person placed a bowl in the sink .
the person took a box of green beans out of the refrigerator .
the person placed about six bean pods in the bowl .
the person brought out another box of green beans from the refrigerator .
the person placed about five of these bean pods in the bowl .
the person rinsed all the bean pods in the bowl .
the person trimmed the ends of the bean pods .
the person removed the pod ended .
the person chopped up the pods on the cutting board .
the person rinsed a small dish .
the person placed the chopped up beans on the dish .
the person took the board and the knife off the counter .
the person got a knife and a cutting board .
the person took a package of large bean pods from the refrigerator .
the person took a few out , .
the person set that package aside .
the person got another package from the refrigerator .
the person took some beans from another package too .
the person washed the bean pods in a bowl in the sink .
the person chopped the bean pods .
the person put the bean pods in a bowl .
the person took out a knife , a cutting board , and a metal bowl .
the person grabbed a box of beans from the fridge .
the person took out four bean pods from the pack .
the person placed the rest on the counter .
the person went back to the fridge .
the person removed another pack of beans .
the person took a handful of bean pods from the pack .
the person put a handful of bean pods back in the fridge .
the person rinsed the beans in the metal bowl .
the person put the beans on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off .
the person threw the bean tips into the trash bin .
the person chopped the bean pods with the knife .
the person removed a plate from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person put the chopped beans onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , knife and bowl from under the counter .
the person put the bowl in the sink .
the person got a pack of snap peas from the fridge .
the person opened the pack .
the person selected some .
the person put the selected pieces in the bowl .
the person put the rest of the package to the fridge .
the person got another pack of snap peas from the fridge , .
the person selected snap peas out of that package .
the person put some in the bowl .
the person rinsed the snap peas .
the person put the snap peas on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off each of the snap peas .
the person threw away the ends .
the person rinsed his hands at the sink .
the person began to slice the snap peas into small pieces .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person put the plate to the cutting board .
the person used his hands to transfer the sliced snap peas to the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected a cutting board , knife and a bowl .
the person grabbed beans from the refrigerator .
the person pulled a few long , flat beans from a package .
the person put into a bowl in the sink .
the person put the remaining beans in the package aside .
the person grabbed a new package from the refrigerator .
the person put a few beans from the new package into the bowl .
the person put the rest of the package back in the refrigerator .
the person carefully rinsed the beans in the sink .
the person transferred the beans to the cutting board .
the person cut off the ends of each bean .
the person chopped each of the beans into small pieces .
the person selected a shallow bowl from the cupboard , .
the person rinsed a shallow bowl off .
the person put the chopped beans in the bowl .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person placed the cutting board on the table .
the person got his his knife out of the drawer .
the person placed the knife on top of the cutting board .
the person walked over to the fridge .
the person took the beans out .
the person opened the package , .
the person rinsed the beans , .
the person placed the beans on the cutting board .
the person started cutting the beans on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped beans on a white plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out some kitchen materials .
the person pulled out a knife , cutting board , metal bowl , and some green beans .
the person inspected to see whether or not the beans were still good .
the person put the box of beans that he did not want aside .
the person grabbed another box of beans .
the person proceeded to wash his beans .
the person chopped off the end pieces of the beans .
the person was done chopping the beans he used his knife to scrape off the remnants from the beans to throw the remnants away .
the person quickly rinsed his hands .
the person proceeded to chop the beans into bite size pieces .
the person was done chopping the beans he quickly rinsed a plate to serve the beans .
the person was done with that he grabbed the cutting board and his knife .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took a cutting board , a knife and a meta bowl .
the person placed metal bowl in the kitchen sink .
the person took some beans from the pack .
the person placed some beans on the metal bowl .
the person moved that pack apart .
the person took another pack of beans from the refrigerator .
the person took some beans from another pack of beans .
the person placed back the pack of beans to the refrigerator .
the person washed the beans in the metal bowl .
the person chopped the both ends of the beans .
the person threw the both ends of the beans to the trash .
the person washed his hand .
the person chopped the beans two or three at a time .
the person washed a plate .
the person moved the chopped beans from cutting board to the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and bowl from under the counter .
the person took out a handful of beans .
the person placed a handful of beans in the bowl in the sink .
the person took out another package of beans .
the person placed a handful of those in the bowl as well .
the person washed the beans in the bowl .
the person put the beans on the cutting board , .
the person cut off their stemmed with the knife .
the person cut each bean into small pieces .
the person washed a plate , .
the person put the pieces onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and bowl from under the counter .
the person got a pack of snap peas out from the fridge .
the person put the selected peas into the bowl .
the person put the rest of the pack to the fridge .
the person got another pack of snap peas out .
the person put some from that pack into the bowl with the other peas .
the person put away the pack of peas .
with the bowl in the sink the person rinsed the peas .
the person put the peas on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off .
the person threw away the ends .
the person sliced the peas into small pieces .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person transferred the sliced peas from the cutting board to the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person retrieved a bowl .
the person put a bowl in the sink .
the person took out a package of beans from the fridge .
the person took a package of beans to the bowl .
where the person inspected a package of beans .
the person took out another package of beans from the fridge .
the person repeated the process .
the person thoroughly washed the beans .
the person took the beans to the cutting board , .
the person cut off the tips , .
the person threw the tips away .
the person proceeded to chop the prepared beans .
the person retrieved a dish from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a dish off in the sink .
the person placed the chopped beans on the dish .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board down .
the person selected a knife from another drawer .
the person rested a knife on the cutting board .
the person placed a bowl in the sink .
the person opened the refrigerator to remove food .
the person unwrapped the food .
the person examined a fistful of vegetables .
the person returned the rest to the package .
the person placed a few vegetables in the bowl .
the person placed the package beside the fridge .
the person removed another package from the refrigerator .
the person cut the cellophane with the knife .
the person placed a few vegetables in the bowl .
the person washed the vegetables .
the person chopped the ends from each piece on the cutting board .
the person sliced the vegetables into small pieces .
the person retrieved a plate from the cupboard .
the person washed the plate in the sink .
the person placed the vegetables onto the plate .
the person lifted the cutting board and knife from the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board a knife .
the person placed the items on the counter .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed some beans .
the person placed the beans on the counter .
the person removed some of the beans , .
the person placed some of the beans in a bowl .
the person walked back to the refrigerator .
the person removed some more beans .
the person placed some more beans in the bowl as well .
the person placed the extras back into the refrigerator .
the person rinsed off the beans in the sink .
the person placed the beans on the chopping board .
the person trimmed the ends .
the person tossed the trimmings in the trash .
the person chopped the beans up .
the person placed the beans on a plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a bowl from another drawer .
the person placed a bowl in the sink .
the person took out beans from the refrigerator .
the person removed a few beans .
the person placed a few beans in the bowl .
the person washed the beans in the sink .
the person poured the water in the bowl out .
the person sliced the ends of the beans .
the person threw out the end pieces into the garbage .
the person sliced the beans into pieces .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person washed the plate .
the person placed the pieces of beans onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , and bowl from a drawer .
the person put the cutting board and knife on the counter and the bowl in the sink .
the person took two packages of beans still in their pods from the fridge .
the person put some beans from each package into the bowl .
the person rinsed some beans .
the person put the beans on the cutting board .
the person cut off both ends of all of the beans .
the person threw the ends into the garbage can .
the person sliced all of the beans into small pieces .
the person took a plate from a cupboard .
the person rinsed a plate off in the sink .
the person put all of the slices onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person put a metal bowl into the sink .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out beans .
the person placed some of the beans into the bowl .
the person took out another package of beans .
the person put more beans into the bowl .
the person washed the beans with water .
the person put the beans onto the cutting board .
the person cut off the ends of the beans .
the person disposed of the ends of the beans .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces of beans on a plate .
the person got a cutting board , a knife , and a bowl from some drawers .
the person got a pack of beans from the refrigerator .
the person placed some beans in the bowl .
the person put the pack back in the refrigerator .
the person washed the beans .
the person placed the beans on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends from the beans .
the person threw away the ends .
the person cut the beans into slices .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the beans on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from under the counter .
the person placed a bowl in the sink .
the person got some long beans out of the refrigerator , .
the person selected a number of some long beans , .
the person placed some long beans in the bowl .
the person placed the container of beans beside the refrigerator , .
the person retrieved a second container of beans from the refrigerator .
the person cut the second bean container open with the knife .
the person selected more beans .
the person returned the second bean container to the refrigerator .
the person thoroughly washed the beans in the bowl in the sink .
the person placed the empty bowl beside the cutting board , .
the person placed the beans on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off of the beans .
the person threw the ends away .
the person quickly rinsed his hands .
the person diced the beans into small pieces .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate .
the person placed the beans on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife , and a bowl .
the person took some beans out of a package in the refrigerator .
the person placed some beans into the bowl in the sink .
the person put the rest of the beans back into the refrigerator , .
the person grabbed some more beans , .
the person added some more beans to the bowl .
the person rinsed the beans in the sink .
the person put the beans onto the cutting board .
the person cut off the ends of the beans .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person chopped the beans into small pieces , .
the person got a plate , .
the person rinsed a plate , .
the person placed the chopped beans onto the plate .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled a pot with water in the sink .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person removed a bag of dry pasta from the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person opened the pasta bag .
the person got a strainer out of the drawer .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added some pasta the water was hot .
the person put away the rest of the bag of pasta .
the person took out a spoon .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person added some salt .
the person stirred the pasta occasionally the pasta cooked .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person put the strainer in the sink .
the pasta was cooked the person dumped the pasta into the strainer .
the person rinsed the pasta under running water .
the person put the cooked pasta on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the stove top .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took a pot out of the drawer .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot of water onto the stove .
the person went to the cupboard , .
the person took out a bag of pasta .
the person put a bag of pasta on the counter .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person opened the bag of pasta .
the person took a colander out of the drawer .
the person poured some pasta into the pot .
the person took a wooden spoon out of the drawer .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person put some salt into the pot .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person lowered the heat .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person poured the cooked pasta into the colander .
the person ran water from the sink over the pasta .
the person stirred the pasta with the spoon .
the person put the drained pasta into the plate .
the person took a pot out of the bottom cabinet .
the person filled a pot up half way .
the person put the pot of water on the stove .
the person took a bag of pasta out of the cabinet .
the person placed a bag of pasta on the counter .
the person went back to the cabinet .
the person took a plate out .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person opened the bag of pasta .
the person took a colander out of the bottom cabinet .
the person waves his hand over the pot of water .
the person poured some pasta into the pot .
the person put the pasta back into and the cupboard .
the person took a wooden spoon .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person took salt from the seasoning rack .
the person poured salt into the pot of water .
the person put the salt back into the seasoning rack .
the person stirred the pasta frequently .
the person turned the heat down the water started boiling .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person continued to stir the pasta .
the person turned the over off , .
the person put the spoon on the plate .
the person poured the pasta into the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta under running water .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person poured the pasta onto the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person turned on the stove .
the person removed a pot from a drawer .
the person placed water into a pot .
the person placed the pot onto the stove .
the person retrieved a bag of pasta , a bowl , and a strainer .
the person placed a bag of pasta , a bowl , and a strainer on the counter .
the person placed some pasta into the pot .
the person returned the bag of pasta to the cupboard .
the person stirred the pasta with a wooden spoon .
the person seasoned the pasta .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person stirred the pasta occasionally .
the person poured the cooked pasta into the strainer .
the person rinsed the pasta in the strainer .
the person placed the pasta into a bowl .
the gentleman walked into the room .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out pasta and a plate and a strainer .
the person added pasta to the hot water .
the person took out a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person added salt to his pasta .
the person waited for his pasta to be finished .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person dumped the pasta into the drainer .
the person poured the pasta in the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a pot out of the cabinet .
the person poured water into the pot .
the person placed the pot onto the stove .
the person grabbed pasta and a plate out of the cabinet .
the person pulled a strainer out of the drawer .
the person poured the pasta into the pot .
the person added more ingredients into the pot .
the person poured the pasta into the strainer .
the person placed the pasta onto the plate .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person got some pasta from the cabinet .
the person removed a colander from a drawer .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person added the pasta to the water .
the person added salt to the water .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person drained the pasta .
the person placed the pasta on the plate .
the person turned on the oven .
the person got took out a pot .
the person put some water in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove to cook the water .
the person opened the pantry .
the person got some pasta .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person took out a strainer .
the person waited for the water to cook .
the person put the pasta in the pot .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person got some salt .
the person put some salt in the pot .
the person stirred the pot again .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person stirred the pasta a third time .
the person drained the cooked pasta .
the person put the cooked pasta on the plate .
the person got out a pot , .
put water in a pot .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person got a bag of pasta and plate from the cabinet .
the person set a bag of pasta and plate on the counter .
the person got out a colander .
the person put some of the pasta in the pot .
the person put the bag back in the cabinet .
the person stirred the pasta with a wooden spoon .
the person added salt to the water .
the person put a colander in the sink .
the person put the pasta in the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta under the faucet .
the person stirred the pasta with the spoon .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person took out a bag of pasta and plate from the cabinet .
the person took out a strainer from the drawer .
the person poured some pasta into the pot .
the person took out a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person placed the strainer in the sink .
the person strained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person placed the pasta onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person took out a bag of pasta and a plate .
the person took out a strainer .
the person put the pasta into the boiling water .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person turned the stove off .
the person strained the pasta .
the person put the pasta onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got a pot from under the stove .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got a bag of pasta and a plate from the pantry .
the person opened the bag .
the person got a colander from under the counter .
the person waited for the water to boil for a few minutes .
the person added some of the pasta .
the person put the leftover pasta away .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person added some seasoning to the pot .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person stirred the pasta occasionally .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person poured the contents of the pot in .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person poured the pasta on the plate .
the person started the burner .
the person put water in the pot .
the person put that pot on the burner .
the person gathered the pasta , a colander , and a plate .
the water heated up , the person put the pasta in the hot water .
the person got a spoon .
the person put a spoon in the pasta , .
the person sprinkled some salt in the pot .
the person stirred the pot occasionally for several minutes .
the pasta was done cooking , the person poured the pasta into the colander to drain , .
the person stirred the pasta around .
the person placed the pasta on the plate .
the person spread the pasta around .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person switched on the stove .
the person took a utensil from the drawer .
the person filled a utensil with water .
the person placed the utensil on the stove .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took out a packet of pasta .
the person took out a plate from the cupboard .
the person placed a plate on the platform .
the person opened the pasta packet .
the person took out a saucepan from the drawer .
the person placed a saucepan on the platform .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person put some pasta into the boiling water .
the person put the pasta packet back into the cupboard .
the person took out a ladle from the drawer .
mixed the pasta .
the person added salt to the utensil with pasta .
the person stirred the pasta a few times .
the person switched off the stove .
the person poured the pasta with hot water into the saucepan .
the person added water from the tap to the pasta .
the person drained the water from the saucepan .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person got pasta from a cabinet .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got a strainer from a drawer .
the person added the pasta to the pot .
the person put a strainer in a sink .
the person drained the pasta in the strainer .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person turned on a stove-top burner , .
the person got out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water at the sink .
the person set the pot on the burner , .
the person got out a plate and a bag of pasta .
the person took out a colander .
the person set a colander on the counter .
a few minutes , the person poured some pasta from the bag into the pot .
the person got out a wooden spoon .
the person stirred the pot with a wooden spoon , .
the person got a container of salt .
the person added some salt to the pot of pasta .
the person put the container away .
the person waited the pasta cooked , .
the person stirred the pasta from time to time .
a , the person placed the colander in the sink , .
the person took the spoon out of the pot , .
the person removed the pot from the heat .
the person poured the pasta from the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta with water from the tap .
the pasta rinsed .
the person stirred the pasta with the spoon .
the person poured the pasta onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water at the sink .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got some pasta from the cabinet .
the person set the pasta on the counter .
the person got out a plate from the other cabinet .
the person opened the pasta bag .
the person got a strainer form beneath the counter .
the person waited for the water to heat , .
the person dumped pasta into the pot on the stove .
the person got out a spoon .
the person stirred the pasta , .
the person added salt to the water .
the person waited .
occasionally stirred the water .
the person put the strainer in the sink .
the person waited more .
a the person emptied the pot with pasta into the strainer .
the person stirred the pasta a bit .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person filled a pot with with .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person placed some raw pasta on the counter along with a plate .
the person placed a strainer on the counter .
the person waited the water boiled .
the person added pasta to the boiling water .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person continued to stir and wait .
the person poured cold water over the pasta .
the person drained the pasta with the strainer .
the person placed the pasta on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person turned on the stove .
the person opened a drawer .
the person withdrew a pot .
the person filled the pot with water from the sink .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person opened some cabinets .
the person took out pasta and a plate .
the person took out a strainer also .
the person poured the pasta into the pot .
the person stirred the pasta with a wooden spoon .
the person added some salt .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person placed the strainer in the sink .
the person poured the contents of the pot into the strainer .
the person washed the pasta .
the person stirred the pasta again .
the person poured the pasta onto the plate .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got a pot .
the person filled the pot with some water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got some pasta , a plate and a colander .
the person put some pasta in the water on the stove .
the person stirred the pasta with a spoon .
the person stirred the pasta again .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person continued to wait .
the person walked around .
the person drained the pasta in the colander .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person got a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person got a radish and vinegar from the cabinet .
the person peeled the radish .
the person cut the radish up with a knife into very small pieces .
the person got out a skillet .
the person placed a skillet on the stove .
the person poured vinegar onto the skillet along with the cut up radish .
the person got a wooden spoon .
mixed the vegetable into the liquid .
the person went to get spices .
the person put the spices on top of the skillet as well .
the person threw away the shell of the vegetable .
the person stirred the mixture .
the person put away the vinegar .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
before putting the knife and cutting board away .
the person stirred the mixture a little bit more .
the person watched the skillet .
before pouring more spices .
before putting more spices on the mixture .
the person put the spice away .
the person got a plate .
the person put the cooked vegetables on the a plate .
the person cleaned the skillet .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person got out olive oil and an onion .
the person took the skin off the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person got out a deep skillet .
the person drizzled olive oil in .
the person slid the onion into the skillet .
the person began to saute the onions .
the person sprinkled the onion with a spice from the spice rack .
the person threw away the onion skin .
the person washed the knife and the cutting board in the sink .
the person stirred the onion with a wooden spatula .
the person sprinkled more seasoning .
the person placed the caramelized onion on a plate .
the person washed the skillet .
the person washed the spatula .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person went over to the cabinet .
the person took out a small onion and a bottle of oil .
the person cut the end of the onion .
the person peeled the onion using the knife .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person sliced each half .
diced each half .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put a small amount of oil in the pan .
the person put the onions in the pan .
the person stirred the onions with a wooden spatula .
the person added what appeared to be salt .
in between mixing the onions , the person got rid of the peels .
the person put away the oil .
the person also cleaned both the knife and the cutting board .
the person cooked the onion until golden brown .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person shut off the stove .
the person transferred the onion to that plate .
the person cleaned up the pan and spatula .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person retrieved a chopping board from a drawer .
the person carefully selected a knife from a drawer .
the person took out some olive oil and onion from the pantry .
the person diced the onion , .
the person selected a skillet from the cabinet .
the person placed a skillet on the stove .
the person lit the stove .
the person drizzled some oil untoed the skillet .
the person poured the diced onions unto the skillet .
the person retrieved a spatula from the drawer .
the person used the spatula to break up the onion pieces .
which the person sprinkled the onions with some salt from the spice rack .
the person discarded the onion peeled into the garbage .
the person returned the oil to the pantry .
the person rinsed the knife and chopping board in the sink .
the person returned the chopping board into the drawer .
the person stirred the onions .
the person spoke to someone off-screen .
the person sprinkled some more salt into the skillet .
a tasted the onions .
the person transferred the cooked onions unto a saucer .
the person washed the skillet and spatula in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took a bottle of oil and an onion out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the onion .
the person sliced the onion .
the person took a skillet out of the drawer , .
the person put a skillet on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put the oil and onions into the skillet .
the person spread the onions with a wooden spoon .
the person added salt to the skillet .
the person discarded the onion peelings .
the person stirred the onions .
the person put the oil away .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person stirred the onions .
the person added more salt to the onions .
the person stirred the onions some more .
the person tasted the onions .
the person went to the cabinet , .
the person took out a dish .
the person put the onions in the dish .
the person washed the skillet and wooden spoon .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from a kitchen drawer .
the person retrieved an onion and a bottle of something from the pantry .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion into small pieces .
the person retrieved a frying pan from another drawer .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove , .
the person turned on the stove .
the person placed the onion and material from the bottle into the frying pan .
the person got a wooden spoon from the original drawer .
the person poured some seasoning he got from the spice rack into the pan .
the person threw some of the residue from the cutting board into the trash .
the person followed this , he put the bottle of stuff back into the pantry .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back into the original drawer .
the person stirred the onions some more , .
the person started to talk to someone off the camera .
the person poured more seasoning on the onions , .
the person put the seasoning back on the spice rack .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took out cutting board .
the person took out knife .
the person took out onion .
the person took out oil .
the person cut onion .
the person peeled onion .
the person sliced onion .
the person diced onion .
the person took out pan .
the person turned on stove .
the person added oil to stove .
the person added onion to pan .
the person took out wooden spoon .
the person mixed onion up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person retrieved an onion and a bottle of olive oil .
the person proceeded to peel the onion .
the person chopped the onion on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a pan from under the counter .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person poured some olive oil into the pan .
the person picked up the cutting board .
the person slid the chopped onion into the pan .
the person got a wooden spatula from the drawer .
the person stirred the onion .
the person got some seasoning .
the person added some to the pan with the onions .
the person scraped the onion skins from the cutting board into the trash .
the person went back to the pan .
the person put up the olive oil .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person stirred the onions some more .
the person added more seasoning .
the person tasted the onions .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person slid the onions out of the pan and onto the plate .
the person washed the pan .
the person set the pan upside down to dry .
the person licked the spatula .
before washing the spatula and his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a wooden cutting board and knife from drawers .
the person placed a wooden cutting board and knife on a counter top .
the person turned to a pantry cupboard .
the person gathered a bottle of oil and an onion .
the person halved the onion , .
the person expertly sliced the onion , .
the person diced the two halves of the onion .
the person removed a frying pan from a drawer , .
the person set a frying pan on a range .
the person turned on the heat .
the person added enough oil to liberally coat the bottom of the pan .
the person scraped the diced onions into the pan , .
the person took a large , flat wooden spoon out of a drawer .
a couple of minutes the person took a glass spice jar from a spice rack .
the person poured a liberal amount of the white powder onto the cooking onions .
the person tidied his work space , throwing away the unwanted parts of onion , .
the person put away the oil .
the person washed his knife and cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person put away the cutting board .
the person returned to stirring the onions , .
the onions had turned light brown in the pan the person touched the heating controls , .
the person tasted a small bit of the onions .
the person turned to the pantry cupboard .
the person removed a white plate .
the person continued to stir the onions .
carefully scrape the onions from the bottom of the pan .
a moment the person turned off the heat .
the person moved the beautifully browned onions from the pan to the plate .
the person washed the pan in the sink to him , .
the person dried his hands , .
the person noticed the wooden stirring spoon .
the person finished by washing the wooden spoon as well .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered a cutting board and small knife .
the person retrieved one small onion and a bottle of oil from a cupboard .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person sliced off its stem .
the person began to use his hands and knife to peel the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person chopped each half into small bits .
the person removed a pan from a cupboard .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed some oil in the pan .
the person placed the chopped onion into the pan .
the person stirred the chopped onion with a spatula .
the person added salt to the chopped onion .
the person discarded the skin peelings from the chopping board into a waste bin .
the person put the dirty dishes and the oil away .
the person cleaned the dirty dishes .
the person stirred the onion .
the person added more salt to the onion .
the person turned the stove off .
the person placed the cooked onion on the plate .
the person cleaned the pan and spatula in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out olive oil and an onion .
the person cut off the ends of the onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person diced each half of the onion .
the person took out a skillet .
the person turned the stove on .
the person added oil to the skillet .
the person put the diced onion into the skillet .
the person stirred the skillet .
the person added salt to the skillet .
the person put the cooked onion onto a plate .
the person cleaned the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a cutting board and a knife .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out some olive oil and an onion .
the person cut off both sides of the onion .
the person proceeded to pull the outer layer of skin .
the person was done , he diced the onion into small pieces .
the person took out a pan .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person added olive oil to the pan .
the person added the onions to the pan .
the person took out a spatula .
the person began to saute the onions .
the onions sauteed , .
the person began to clean up the counter .
the person continued to saute the onions for a couple minutes .
the person added some seasoning .
the onions were done , the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person spooned the onions onto the plate .
the person washed the pan and spatula .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a pad and knife from drawer .
the person took a bottle and one onion from shelf .
the person removed shell cover of onion .
the person made onion into pieces .
the the person took a pan , .
the person did put a pan on burner .
also started the burner .
the person purred some sauce from bottle and onions into pan .
the person took spoon from drawer .
the person fried the onions with salt .
the person cleaned the knife and pad with scrub .
the person replaced the pad in drawer .
the person added some more salt to onions .
the person replaced sauce bottle in shelf .
the person replaced salt bottle .
the person fried onions until came brown color .
the person took one plate from shelf .
the person purred the fried onions on that plate .
the person cleaned pan with scrub .
the person cleaned his hand with cloth .
the person cleaned spoon with water .
again the person cleaned his hands with cloth .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person pulled out some olive oil and an onion .
the person first used the knife to peel the onion , .
the person chopped the onion up very fine .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a skillet .
the person placed the skillet on the stove top , .
the person poured in some olive oil .
the person picked up the cutting board .
the person placed the onions into the skillet .
the person put the cutting board back down .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person pulled out a wooden cooking utensil .
the person used a wooden cooking utensil to stir the onions .
the person put in seasoning , .
the person cleaned off the cutting board .
the person cleaned up the items he was n't using .
the person put the items he was n't using away .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person removed a small plate .
the person put the onions in the plate .
the person cleaned up the other items .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person peeled a onion with the knife .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person put a frying pan on the stove with oil .
the person added the onion to the pan .
the person stirred the onion with a wooden spatula .
the person added salt to the onions .
the person dumped the onion peeled in the trash .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got an onion and olive oil from the cabinet .
the person took the skin off the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person chopped the onion into small pieces .
the person got a pan from under the counter .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added some oil and the onions to the pan .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person stirred the onions .
the person added some spices to the pan .
the person threw away the onion skins .
the person put away the olive oil .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person put away the cutting board .
the person stirred the onions .
the person waited until the onions browned .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person turned off the stove .
the person poured the onions from the pan onto the plate .
the person washed the pan and spatula .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , onion and olive oil .
the person cut the top and bottom off of the onion , .
the person peeled the skin with the knife .
the person cut the onion in half , .
the person diced the onion in both directions .
the person took out a pan , .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person turned the heat on .
the person added some oil to the pan , .
the person added the onions .
mixed the onions around with a spatula .
the person added some salt .
the person threw the skins out in the trash , .
the person put the olive oil back .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person stirred the onions occasionally , .
the person added some more salt .
a , the person took out a plate .
the person poured the onions onto the plate , .
the person washed the pan and spatula .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got oil and an onion from a cabinet .
the person cut the ends off .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person put oil in the pan .
the person added the onion to the frying pan .
the person added salt to the onions .
the person put the onion peeled in a trash can .
the person washed the knife and the cutting board .
the person put the knife and the cutting board away .
the person got a small plate from a cabinet .
the person put the sauteed onions on the plate .
the person washed the pan and the spoon in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from the kitchen drawer .
the person got out a vegetable out from the cabinet .
the person used the knife to peel its skin off .
the person sliced the vegetable into small pieces .
the person took out a pan .
the person turned on the stove .
the person poured oil on the pan .
the person scraped the vegetable on the pan using his knife .
the person used a wooden spoon to stir the vegetables in with the oil .
the person got salt from the counter .
the person spread the salt on the pan .
the person threw away the peeled skin .
the person stirred the food some more .
the person put away the oil .
the person rinsed his knife in the sink .
the person scrubbed the cutting board .
before drying the cutting board off .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person stirred his food more .
the person spread more salt .
the person put the salt away .
the person tasted his food with the wooden spoon .
the person got a plate out .
the person turned the stove off .
the person scooped the food onto his plate .
the person rinsed his pan and spoon out in the sink .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a bottle of olive oil and an onion out of the pantry .
the person peeled an onion .
the person chopped the onion .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person added olive oil .
the chopped onions to the pan .
sauteed the onions .
the person added salt .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person stirred the onions .
the person added more salt .
the person took a small plate from the cabinet .
the person put the onions onto the plate .
the person washed the frying pan and the wooden spoon .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out two small potatoes from the cabinet .
the person got out a peeler , a paring knife , and two small bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes into one of the bowled .
the person placed the peeled potatoes in the other bowl .
the person threw out the onion skin .
the person cut the potatoes in half lengthwise and into slices .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two onions out of the cabinet .
the person took a knife and vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person took two metal bowled out of the drawer .
the person peeled the onions into one of the metal bowled .
the person dug the eyes out of the onions with the knife .
the person put the onions into the other metal bowl .
the person filled the bowl that contained the onions with water .
the person threw the onion peeled into the garbage .
the person washed the empty bowl .
the person put the empty bowl on the drainboard .
the person cut the onions .
the person put the onions back in the bowl .
the person washed the knife and onion peeler .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took two potatoes , a knife and a peeler .
the person took two metal bowl .
the person started to peel the potatoes to one of the bowl .
the person chopped the end of a onion .
the person placed the onion to the other bowl , .
the person threw away the peels to the trash .
the person cleaned the bowl .
the person placed the bowl aside .
the person took the other bowl with the potatoes .
the person diced the potaoes to the bowl .
the person cleaned the knife and the peeler .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two small potatoes out of the cabinet .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a vegetable peeler , a knife and two metal bowled .
the person peeled the first onion over one of the bowled with the peeler .
the person cleaned up the last bits of peel off of the onion with the knife .
the person put the first onion in the empty bowl .
the person peeled the second onion in the same way .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person drained the potatoes , .
the person discarded the peels in the garbage can .
the person washed the bowl that had peels in it .
the person left the bowl to dry .
the person cut the potatoes in half lengthwise and into chunks .
the person washed the knife and the peeler .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person grabbed two potatoes , a peeler , a knife , and two bowled .
the person peeled both potatoes .
the person removed the eyes from both potatoes .
the person was finished he rinsed both of the potatoes off with water .
the person dumped the peelings into the trash .
the person rinsed out that bowl .
the person proceeded to slice the potatoes without using a cutting board .
the person rinsed off the utensils .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out two potatoes and a peeler .
the person took out two metal bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes into a metal bowl .
the person washed the peeled potatoes .
the person cut the peeled potatoes into small pieces .
the person put the pieces of onion into the metal bowl .
the person removed two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person removed a knife , a peeler , and two bowled .
the person peeled the skin into one bowl .
the person placed the peeled potatoes into the other bowl .
the person washed the potatoes in the sink .
the person threw the peeled skin into the garbage .
the person washed the bowl the skin was in .
the person sliced the two potatoes .
the person washed the knife and peeler .
the person got two potatoes from the refrigerator .
the person got a knife and a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person got two metal bowled from a drawer .
the person peeled a onion with the vegetable peeler .
the person put the onion skin in one bowl .
the person cleaned the onion eyes out with the knife .
the person put the onion in the other metal bowl .
the person peeled the second onion with the vegetable peeler .
the person put the second onion in the other bowl .
the person rinsed the potatoes in a sink .
the person dumped the onion skins in a trash can .
the person rinsed the bowl out .
the person diced the potatoes into large chunks .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person walked in .
the person took two potatoes from a cabinet .
the person put the potatoes on the counter .
the person took out a paring knife , a peeler , and two bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes into a bowl .
the person disposed of the peels in the trash .
the person rinsed the bowl .
the person went on to chop the potatoes in the other bowl .
the person finished , he rinsed the knife and peeler in the sink .
the person got two potatoes from a cabinet .
the person removed a knife , a peeler , and two bowled from some drawers .
the person peeled the potatoes into one bowl .
the person placed the peeled potatoes into the other bowl .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes into chunks .
the person rinsed the knife and peeler .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out two potatoes , a knife and a peeler .
the person took out two bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person collected the skin in one of the bowled .
the person put the peeled potatoes into the other bowl .
the person washed the peeled potatoes .
the person threw the skins into dustbin .
the person washed the bowl .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person washed the knife and peeler .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , peeler , two bowled , and two potatoes .
the person peeled the first onion over one bowl .
the person removed the eyes with the knife , .
the person placed the onion in the other bowl .
the person peeled the other onion .
the person placed the other onion in the bowl .
the person poured water into the bowl , .
the person moved the potatoes around .
the person strained the water out .
the person dumped the onion peeled into the trash .
the person sliced the potatoes into large chunks with the knife , .
the person put the potatoes back into the bowl .
the person cleaned the knife and peeler .
the person opened the pantry doors .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person also removed a vegetable peeler and small knife from a drawer .
the person took out two metal bowled from under the counter .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person put the skins in one bowl .
the person also cored the eyes into the bowl .
the person rinsed off both potatoes .
the person threw away the skins into the trash .
the person cleaned the bowl that held the skins .
the person cut the potatoes into large pieces .
the person rinsed off his knife and vegetable peeler in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two potatoes from the cabinets .
the person took a knife , a peeler and two steel bowled from the drawers below the cabinets .
the person peeled the two potatoes with the peeler .
the person peeled the skins into one of the steel bowled .
the person removed the eyes with the knife .
the person placed the potatoes in the one of the steel bowled .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person dumped the peelings into the garbage .
the person picked up each onion .
the person cut each onion long ways in half .
the person quartered the halves .
the person rinsed the knife and peeler in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen area .
the person walked to a storage cabinet located near the rear of the room .
the person opened the pantry doors .
the person took out two potatoes and a peeler .
the person shut the cabinet door .
the person placed the two potatoes onto the kitchen counter .
the person opened a drawer underneath the counter top .
the person removed one onion peeler , one paring knife and two stainless steel bowled .
the person placed the items onto the counter one at a time .
the person proceeded to peel each onion with the onion peeler tool .
the person placed the discarded peelings into one of the stainless steel bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes , he would also use the paring knife to remove unwanted pieces from each onion .
upon completion of the peeling process , the person placed both potatoes into the remaining bowl .
the person rinsed both potatoes with water .
the person discarded the peelings .
the person dumped the peelings into a trash bin .
the onion peels were discarded , the person used the pairing knife to dice the potatoes into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the same bowl .
the person finished by rinsing off the utensils with water in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person placed the potatoes on the counter .
the person removed out a knife and peeler from a drawer .
the person placed the knife and the peeler on the counter .
the person removed two bowled , .
the person placed two bowled on the counter .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person allowed the peels to fall in the other bowl .
the person placed the peeled potatoes in one bowl , .
the person rinsed off the peeled potatoes .
the person tossed the peelings in the trash can .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person removed two potatoes from a cupboard at the back .
the person put the potatoes on the counter by the sink .
the person got a peeler and paring knife from the top drawer .
the person took two small stainless steel bowled from the drawer below the top drawer .
the person peeled each onion over one bowl .
the person used the paring knife to remove the eyes , .
the person placed each onion in the second bowl .
the person rinsed the first bowl .
the person threw away the peels .
the person cut both potatoes into large chunks .
last , the person rinsed the peeler and paring knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two potatoes from the cabinet .
from under the sink the person retrieved a onion peeler , a knife , and two bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes over one of the bowled .
the person put the peeled potatoes in the second bowl .
the person rinsed the potatoes in the bowl at the sink .
the person threw the onion skins in the first bowl away .
the person cut the potatoes into cubes .
the person rinsed the onion peeler and knife off in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a small kitchen knife and a peeler .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out two stainless bowled .
the person proceeded to peeling each of the potatoes .
the person made sure the onion skins dropped on one of the stainless bowled .
the person used the small kitchen knife to take out the skins where the peeler could n't reach .
the person opened the faucet .
the person drained the water from the stainless bowl .
the person proceeded to take the other stainless bowl containing the onion skins .
the person opened a small cabinet .
the person threw away the onion skins unto the garbage bin .
the person opened the faucet .
the person rinsed the stainless bowl .
the person picked up the small kitchen knife .
the person started to cut one of the potatoes in half .
the person went to cut the onion across .
the person opened the faucet .
the person rinsed the peeler along with the small kitchen knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out two potatoes out the cabinet .
the person pulled two silver bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes using a peeler .
the person placed the onion skins into the silver bowl .
the person peeled the potatoes again .
the person rinsed the potatoes using the sink .
the person placed the onion skins into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person headed toward a cupboard .
the person took out a loaf of bread wrapped in plastic .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person opened a drawer below the counter .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a long knife .
the person unwrapped the loaf of bread .
the person placed the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person carefully cut a slice of the bread with the knife .
the person put the knife down , .
the person opened the pantry door .
the person removed a bread .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person placed a bread on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and bread knife out .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person sliced one slice from the bread .
the person removed bread from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board from the bottom drawer .
the person removed a knife from the top drawer .
the person placed the bread onto the cutting board .
the person cut one slice of bread .
the person walked in .
a took out a loaf of bread and a knife .
the person began to unwrap the bread from its plastic shell .
the bread had been unwrapped the person took his knife .
the person cut one medium sized slice of bread .
the person finished by leaving the slice of bread where it fell .
the person placed the knife on the table .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a loaf of bread , a cutting board and a knife .
the person unwrapped the bread , .
the person placed the bread onto the cutting board , .
the person cut a single slice from the end .
the person took a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board and long knife from the drawer .
the person took the bread out of the wrapper .
the person sliced off one piece of bread .
the person set the knife down .
the person stood at the counter .
the person entered a clean kitchen .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person removed a loaf of bread .
the person placed the bread on the countertop .
the person opened a large drawer .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person placed a cutting board on the countertop .
the person opened a shallow drawer .
the person took out a cutting knife .
the person put the bread on the cutting board , .
the person cut a thin slice of bread from the loaf .
the person put down the knife .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed the bread on a cutting board .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person continued to cut into the bread until he had created a single slice from the loaf .
the person began to cut into the bread .
the person had finished with the bread he put the knife down .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut a slice of bread .
the person got a loaf of bread .
the person got a cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person took the bread out of the wrapper .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut one thin slice off the loaf .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
the person set the loaf on the counter .
the person pulled out a wooden cutting board and serrated cutting knife from the drawer .
the person unwrapped the loaf of bread .
the person pulled the loaf of bread a bit out from the wrappings .
the person cut a half inch slice from the loaf .
the person got bread from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and a long knife from a drawer .
the person sliced one piece of bread off the loaf .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the pantry .
the person closed the pantry .
the person closed the pantry .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person set the bread on the counter .
the person got out a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got out a knife .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut a slice of bread from the loaf .
the person set the knife down on the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread from a cupboard .
the person placed the loaf on the counter .
the person took out a plate from a drawer under the counter .
the person took out a knife from another drawer under the counter .
the person took the bread out of the bag .
the person cut off a slice of bread with the knife .
the person put the knife down .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the pantry .
from under the counter the person got a knife and a cutting board .
the person unwrapped the bread loaf .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person sliced a piece off .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed some bread .
the person closed the cabinet .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person placed the bread on the counter .
the person opened up the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person opened up another drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person placed a knife on the counter .
the person closed the drawer .
the person opened up the bread .
the person sliced a slice of bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
the person gathered cutting utensils from the drawer under the counter .
the person proceeded to remove the loaf of bread from its wrapper .
delicately cut one slice .
the person put down the bread knife .
the video ended without identifying who the person was speaking to .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread from a cabinet .
the person put the bread on top of the counter .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a bread knife from a drawer .
the person took the bread out of its plastic wrap .
the person cut one slice .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked over to the cupboard .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person set the bread on the counter .
the person opened the drawer under the counter .
the person took out a round cutting board .
the person went back into the drawer under the counter .
the person removed a serrated knife .
the person removed the bread mostly from its wrapper .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person picked up the knife .
the person cut an approximately 1/2 slice off the loaf .
the person set the knife down .
the person picked at a crumb on the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person opened the drawer .
the person looked for a utensil .
the person took a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on tge counter .
the person also got a knife out of the drawer .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person sliced one piece of bread from the loaf .
the person put the knife down .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person put the bread on the counter .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took the bread out of its bag .
the person cut off a slice of the bread .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person took out a loaf of bread in a red plastic bag out of the pantry .
the person took out a wooden plate .
the person also took out a knife with a black handle .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person proceeded to cut one slice of bread .
the person offed the slice to someone off screen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a large pot and lid from the cabinet .
the person filled the pot halfway with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove burner .
the person sprinkled salt into the water .
the person took dried pasta and olive oil from the pantry .
the person poured some olive oil into the water .
the person returned the oil to the pantry .
the person took a strainer from the cabinet .
the person put the dried pasta into the pot of water .
the person waited approximately four minutes for the pasta to cook .
the person covered the pot with the lid .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person took a fork from the drawer .
the person dumped the pot of pasta and water into the strainer .
the person poured the drained pasta out onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a pot out of the cabinet .
the person poured water into the pot using the sink .
the person added salt into the pot of water .
the person grabbed pasta out of the cabinet .
the person added more ingredients into the pot .
the person pulled out a strainer out of the drawer .
the person placed the pasta into the pot .
the person grabbed a plate out of the cabinet .
the person poured the pot of pasta into the strainer .
the person placed the cooked pasta onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a pot from the cabinet .
the person took the pot over to the sink .
put water in the pot .
the person took the pot over to the stove .
the person grabbed salt from the spice rack .
the person shook some in the pot .
the person returned the salt .
the person removed pasta from the cabinet .
the person went back to the cabinet .
the person removed oil and a jar of something that he put right back .
the person grabbed the oil .
the person put some oil in the pot .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person got a strainer .
the person put a strainer on the counter .
the person took the pasta from the counter .
the person put some pasta in the pot .
the person grabbed a wooden spoon from the drawer .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person returned the pasta to the cabinet .
the person checked the pasta .
the person gave the pasta a stir .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person reached in the drawer .
the person got a fork .
the person put a fork with the plate .
the person checked the pasta again .
the person waited until the pasta was finished .
the pasta was done the person took the pasta to the sink .
the person rinsed the pasta in the strainer .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person got a pot of water .
the person put a pot on a stove .
the person put a pot of water on a stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person added salt to the water .
the person got pasta from a cabinet .
the person got oil from the cabinet .
the person added oil to the water .
the person got a strainer from a drawer .
the person added the pasta to the water .
the person added pasta to the water .
the person got a fork and a plate .
the person drained the pasta into the strainer .
the person strained the cooked pasta into a strainer .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person added some salt to the water .
the person removed some pasta and oil from a cabinet .
the person added some oil to the pot .
the person got a colander from a drawer .
the person added the pasta to the water .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person got a plate and a fork .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person plated the pasta .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took a pot from beneath the counter .
put water in a pot .
the person put the pot on the stove , .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person added salt to the water .
the person brought a bag of pasta from the cupboard .
the person set a bag of pasta to the stove .
the person took a jar of sauce and oil .
the person placed a jar of sauce and oil on the counter , .
before returning the sauce to the cabinet .
the person added oil to the water .
the person put a colander on the counter .
the person added pasta to the water , .
the person stirred the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person put a plate and fork on the counter .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person tasted the pasta .
the person strained the pasta in the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta , .
the person turned off the stove .
the person poured the pasta on the plate .
the person rinsed the lid .
the person set the lid aside .
the person took out a pot and lid , .
the person filled the pot with water , .
the person placed the pot on a burner .
the person turned the burner on , .
the person left the lid on the counter-top .
the person took a container of salt , .
the person put some salt in the water .
the person got a bag of pasta out of the cupboard .
the person set a bag of pasta on the counter-top .
the person took a bottle of oil from the cupboard , .
the person put some oil in the pot of water , .
the person put the bottle away .
the person took out a colander .
the person placed a colander on the counter-top .
the person added some pasta to the water , .
the person got out a wooden spatula , .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person covered the pot with the lid .
the person put the bag of pasta away .
the person stirred the pasta several times the pasta cooked .
the person got out a plate and fork , .
the person set a plate and fork on the counter-top .
the person continued waiting .
the person took one of the pieces of pasta out with the fork .
the person tasted one of the pieces of pasta .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person removed the pot from the heat , .
the person poured the pasta into the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta under the tap , .
the person set the colander on top of the pot to finish draining .
the person poured the pasta onto the plate .
the person began to rinse the pot lid .
the person grabbed a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stoves .
the person cleaned the surrounding area with a towel .
the person added salt to the boiling pot .
the person grabbed some pasta from the pantry .
the person grabbed some other ingredients from the pantry .
the person added some liquid to the pot .
the person grabbed a strainer .
the person placed a strainer on the counter .
the person added pasta to the pot .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person placed the extra pasta back in the pantry .
the person checked on the pasta .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person used the strainer to drain the pasta , .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pot and cover out of the drawer .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person added salt to the pot of water .
the person took a bag of pasta out of the cupboard .
the person took a jar of sauce and olive oil out of the cupboard .
the person put the jar of sauce back into the cupboard .
the person poured some oil into the pot of water .
the person put the jar away .
the person took a colander out of the drawer .
the person put some pasta into the pot .
the person put the bag back in the cupboard .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person took a piece of pasta out of the pot .
the person tested a piece of pasta .
the person put the colander in the sink .
the person poured the cooked pasta into the colander .
the person put the colander over the pot to let the pasta drain .
the person put the cooked pasta onto onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a pot and a lid .
the person filled the pot with water from the faucet .
the person sat the pot on the stove top .
the person turned a burner on .
the person cleaned up some spilled water with a dish rag .
the person washed his hands .
the person retrieved a bottle of spice .
the person added a bottle of spice to the water .
the person returned the spice .
the person opened a cupboard .
the person set a bag of pasta on the counter .
the person also retrieved a bottle , and a jar from the cupboard .
the person returned the jar .
the person added liquid from the bottle to the pot of water .
the person returned the bottle to the cupboard .
the person retrieved a pasta strainer .
the person placed a pasta strainer on the counter .
the person put some pasta in the pot .
the person took a wooden spoon out of a drawer , .
the person waited for the pasta cooked .
the person stirred the pasta , .
the person placed a lid on the pot .
the person read the label on the bag of pasta .
the person returned the bag of pasta to the cupboard .
the person changed the setting on the stove top .
the person stirred the pasta again .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took out a plate , .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person got a fork .
the person placed a fork on the plate , .
the person stirred the pasta again .
the person went to the fridge , .
the person opened the fridge .
the person closed the fridge .
the person opened a drawer .
and closed a drawer .
the person stirred the pasta again .
the person tested the doneness of the pasta .
the pasta was done , the person strained the pasta .
an put the pasta on the plate .
the person opened a kitchen drawer , .
the person pulled out a pot and lid , .
the person filled the pot about an inch high with water from the faucet .
the person placed the pot on the stove , .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person adjusted the temperature .
the person wiped up some spilled water with a rag , .
wet his hands with faucet water .
the person retrieved an ingredient shaker from a rack , .
the person unscrewed the lid , .
the person shook the shaker over the pot .
the person placed the shaker back into the rack , .
the person retrieved a bag of pasta and two bottles from the cabinet behind her .
the person rummaged through the cabinets contents , .
the person shook his head , .
the person placed one bottle back into the cabinet .
the person poured a minuscule amount of liquid into the pot from the remaining bottle , .
the person placed the remaining bottle back into the cabinet .
the person reached underneath the main counter area , .
the person pulled out a strainer bowl , .
the person placed a strainer onto the counter .
the person opened the pasta bag , .
the person placed three handfuls of pasta in the pot , .
the person pulled open a drawer .
the person withdrew a wooden spoon .
the person stirred the pasta in the heating pot .
the person placed the lid , .
the person picked up the bag .
the person examined the label on his way to put the bag back into the cabinet .
the person waited for the pasta to cook , he fiddled around with the temperature , .
the person took a single plate and fork from their respective storages , .
the person glanced through two other storages .
about a minute of waiting , the person pulled out a single piece of pasta .
the person tasted a single piece of pasta for readiness .
the person turned off the stove .
the person shook the water out of the strainer .
the person poured the pasta onto the plate , .
the person rinsed the lid under the faucet .
the person dragged the plate over to the center of the counter .
the person grabbed a pot from the cabinet , .
the person filed a pot half-way with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove , .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person grabbed a cloth .
the person cleaned up the spilled water on the counter .
the person squeezed the water out of the cloth .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person grabbed some seasoning from the rack .
the person sprinkled some into the pot of water .
the person opened the pantry , .
the person grabbed a bag of pasta , sauce , oil , and other ingredients , .
the person placed a bag of pasta , sauce , oil , and other ingredients on the counter .
the person turned around .
the person placed the can of sauce back into the pantry .
the person poured a small amount of oil into the pot .
the person placed the oil back in the pantry .
the person bent down , .
the person reached into the cabinet , .
the person grabbed a strainer .
the person placed a strainer on the counter .
the person poured a bit of pasta into the pot , .
the person waited for a few minutes for the pasta , .
the person stirred a bit of pasta , .
the person placed the top on the pot .
the person placed the pasta in the pantry , .
the person grabbed the top off the pot .
the person turned down the temperature on the stove .
the person opened the cabinet , .
the person grabbed a plate , .
the person placed a plate in on the table .
the person grabbed a fork .
the person tested the pasta .
the person turned off the stove , .
the person placed the strainer in the sink .
the person poured the pasta into the strainer .
the person placed the strainer into the pot , .
the person poured the pasta onto the plate , .
the person placed the top in the sink .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person removed a bag of pasta from the cabinet .
the person removed oil from the cabinet .
the person added some to the pot .
the person took out a strainer from the drawer .
the person placed some pasta in the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person placed the bag of pasta back in the cabinet .
the person took out a plate and fork .
the person tasted a piece of pasta .
the person placed the strainer in the sink .
the person strained the pasta .
the person placed the pasta on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pot out from under the counter .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person wiped the counter .
the person added seasoning to the pot .
the person got a bag of pasta , olive oil and tomato sauce from the pantry .
the person put the tomato sauce back .
the person added some olive oil to the pot .
the person put away the olive oil .
the person got a colander from under the counter .
the person added some pasta to the pot .
the person used a spatula to stir some pasta .
the person covered the pot .
the person put away the left over pasta .
the person set out a plate and fork he waited .
the person waited for the pasta to finish cooking .
the person checked the fridge and the drawer .
the person waited a little longer .
the person checked the pasta .
the person poured the tha pasta all into the colander .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person poured the pasta on the plate .
the person rinsed the pot lid .
a young person entered a kitchen , .
the person got out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water at the sink .
the person put the pot on the stove , .
the person turned on the heat , .
the person put in some salt .
the person went to a cupboard .
the person got out a bag of pasta , a bottle of olive oil and a jar of pasta sauce , .
the person opened the bag of pasta .
the person put the jar back in the cupboard .
the person poured a little olive oil in the pot .
the person got a colander out of another cupboard .
the person put several handfuls in the water .
the person got a wooden spoon .
the person stirred the pasta , .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person examined the pasta bag , .
the person put the pasta bag back in the cupboard .
the person got out a plate and fork .
the person put a plate and fork on the counter .
the person lifted the lid of the pot .
the person stirred several times .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person looked in for a few seconds .
the person checked the pasta again , .
the person leaned on the counter .
the person waited for quite a .
the person waited for the pasta to cook , .
the person checked the pasta again , .
the person got a piece with the fork .
the person tasted a piece .
the person took the pot to the sink .
the person drained the pasta into the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta with tap water .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered a pot from a cupboard .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person poured some water into a pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person placed a pot on a stove .
the person turned the stove burner on .
the person turned on the stove .
the person gathered a bag of pasta from the cupboard .
the person gathered a jar of oil and a jar of tomato sauce from the cupboard .
the person returned the tomato sauce to the cupboard .
the person placed some oil into the pot .
the person pulled a strainer from the drawer .
the person placed pasta into the pot of water .
the person placed some pasta into the pot .
the person gathered a plate and fork .
the person placed a plate and fork on the counter .
the person stirred the pasta with a wooden spatula .
the person poured the pasta into the strainer .
the person strained the cooked pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person placed the strained pasta into a bowl .
the person placed the cooked pasta on a plate .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person pulled out a pot .
the person poured water into a pot .
the person put the pot on the stove , .
the person turned the stove on .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person removed some cooking oil and pasta .
the person poured a drop of cooking oil into the pot .
the person pulled out a strainer a drawer .
the person put the pasta into the pot .
the person stirred with a spoon .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person pulled out a white plate .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out a spoon .
the person checked on the cooking pasta , .
the person stirred the cooking pasta .
the person tasted the pasta from the pot .
the person dumped the pasta onto a plate .
the person removed the pasta from the pot .
the person rinsed the lid of the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person bent down to open a cabinet , .
the person took a pot out of the cabinet .
the person walked to the sink .
the person filled the pot with water , .
the person turned off the water .
the person walked towards the stove to place the pot on the stove top .
the person placed the pot onto the stove .
the person splashed some water on the counter .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person took the dishcloth from the sink .
the person wiped up the spill , .
the person returned the dishcloth to the sink .
the person sprinkled salt into the water , .
the person gathered noodles , pasta sauce , and oil from a cabinet .
the person put the pasta sauce back in the cabinet , .
the person poured a dab of oil into the water .
the person took out a colander , .
the person poured the pasta into the boiling water .
the person waited for the pasta to cook , .
the person put the top onto the pot .
the person made sure to occasionally stir the pasta .
the person got a plate from a cabinet and a fork from a drawer , .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person used the fork to take out a piece of pasta to eat .
the person turned off the stove .
the person drained the pasta with the colander water ran over the colander .
the person put the pasta onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person poured water into the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove to get hot .
the person washed his hands .
the person poured salt , or another spice , into the water on the stove .
the person grabbed pasta from the cabinet .
also took out some other ingredients .
the person took out the strainer , .
the person stirred the pasta , .
the person waited for the pasta to finish .
the pasta was done , the person drained the pasta .
the pasta was drained the person poured the pasta onto a place .
the person washed the lid .
the person removed a pot with a lid .
the person put water in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added salt .
the person got a bag of pasta , bottle of oil and jar of sauce .
the person put the sauce and oil back in the cabinet .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person got out a colander .
the person put a colander on the counter .
the person added pasta to the pot , .
the person stirred the pasta , .
the person put the lid on .
the person put the pasta in the cabinet .
the person got out a plate and fork .
the person put the colander in the sink , .
the person poured the pasta in , .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person rinsed off the lid to the pot .
the person took out a knife and a peeler .
the person took out two potatoes from the shelf .
the person peeled two potatoes thoroughly , one by one .
the person washed two potatoes .
the person placed two potatoes on a cutting board .
the person took out a big steel vessel .
the person filled approximately two cups of water in a big steel vessel .
the person sprinkled a bit of some spice , probably salt , into a big steel vessel .
the person placed a big steel vessel on the flame .
the person cut each one of the potatoes through and through , vertically first and horizontally .
so the person cut each potato into four pieces .
the person picked up all the potato pieces .
the person put all the potato pieces into the vessel with the water in it .
the person covered the vessel with a lid .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person cleaned two potatoes , .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person added a dash of salt , .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person turned on the heat .
the person sliced two potatoes into quarters .
the person placed the potato quarters in the water that was heating .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person took two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person peeled two potatoes over the sink .
the person rinsed the potatoes in the sink .
the person placed two potatoes on a cutting board .
the person took out a pot from under the stove .
the person added water and salt .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person quartered the potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes in the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two knives and two potatoes .
the person peeled each potato in the sink using the small knife , .
the person washed each potato .
the person took out a cutting board , pot and lid .
the person filled the pot with water , .
the person added salt , .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person cut the potatoes into chunks , .
the person placed the potatoes into the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected and knife and a peeler and two small potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes over the sink .
the person rinsed the peeled potatoes .
the person put the peeled potatoes on a cutting board .
the person pulled a small pot from a cabinet .
the person filled the pot half full with water .
the person added some salt .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person cut the potatoes into chunks .
the person put the potatoes into the pot .
the person got a knife and a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person got a two potatoes from a from a cabinet .
the person peeled the potatoes over a sink .
the person rinsed the potatoes in the sink .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person got a stock pot from a drawer .
the person put water in the pot .
the person added salt to the water .
the person put the water on the stove top .
the person quartered the potatoes .
the person added the potatoes to the water .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person fetched a paring knife and peeler from a drawer , two potatoes from the pantry .
the person peeled the potatoes over the sink , .
the person rinsed the potatoes off .
the person pulled a cutting board and pot out from under the counter , .
the person filled the pot with water , .
the person salted the pot , .
the person set the pot on the stove .
the person cut each potato into three or four pieces .
the person placed each potato into the water .
the person picked the knife up .
the person removed a knife and a vegetable peeler from the counter drawers , .
the person opened the pantry doors .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person put the knife down .
the person peeled both potatoes .
the person peeled both potatoes .
the person dropped the potato skins into the sink .
the person washed the potatoes off .
the person took a pot out from under the counter .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person added some salt to the water , .
the person put the pot back on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person quartered the potatoes with the knife .
the person put the potato pieces into the pot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a peeler and a knife .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes into the sink .
the person tok out a cutting board .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person put the pot onto the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person cut the potato into chunks .
the person put the potatoes into the pot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the top drawer .
the person took a knife and a potato peeler out of the top drawer .
the person placed a knife and a potato peeler onto the counter .
the person searched two cabinets .
the person found potatoes .
the person proceeded to peel the potatoes in the sink .
the person took out a circular cutting board .
the person placed the potatoes on a circular cutting board .
the person proceeded to take out a pot , .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person added some salt .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person sliced the potatoes into four quadrants .
the person put the potatoes into the pot .
the person covered the pot with a lid .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two knives from the drawer .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got two potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes above the sink using the paring knife .
the person rinsed the potatoes under water .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person placed the potatoes on a cutting board .
the person got a pot .
the person filled a pot with a half inch of water .
the person salted the water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person cut the potatoes in half lengthwise .
the person cut the potatoes in half the other direction .
the person put the potatoes in the pot .
the person covered the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a knife and a peeler .
the person got some potatoes out of the cupboard .
the person began peeling some potatoes in the sink .
the person set some potatoes on a plate .
the person got out a pot , .
the person poured some spices and herbs into the pot .
the person set the pot on the stove .
the person quarters the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes into the pot of water , .
the person covered the pot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a knife and peeler from the drawer .
from the cabinet the person got two small potatoes .
the person peeled two small potatoes over the sink .
the person rinsed two small potatoes at the sink .
the person put two small potatoes on the cutting board .
the person got a pot from under the counter .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person added seasonings .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person cut the potatoes into small pieces .
the person put the potatoes into the pot .
the person took out a knife , a peeler , and two potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes over the sink .
the person rinsed the potatoes , .
the person took out a cutting board , .
the person put the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person took out a pot , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person seasoned a pot with salt , .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person cut the potatoes into chunks .
the person placed the potatoes into the pot .
the person put on the lid .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a knife and vegetable peeler out of the drawer .
the person took two potatoes out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the first potato into the sink .
the person peeled the second potato into the sink .
the person washed the two potatos .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a pot out of the drawer .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put spices into the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person cut the potatoes into chunks .
the person put the potatoes in the pot .
the person put the cover on .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a knife and peeler .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person grabbed two potatoes .
the person peeled the two potatoes over the sink .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed the peeled potatoes onto the cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person removed a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person added salt .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person sliced the potatoes four ways .
the person placed the sliced potatoes in the pot .
the person came into the kitchen .
straight for a drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person headed to the pantry .
the person peeled the potatoes into the sink .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes on a cutting board .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person salted a pot , .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person went back to the cutting board .
roughly chopped the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes in the pot of water on the stove .
the person selected a knife and potato peeler from the drawer .
the person got two potatoes from the cupboard .
the person peeled the potatoes in the sink using a potato peeler .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed the potatoes on the board .
the person got a pot with a glass lid from a drawer .
put water in the pot .
the person added salt to the water .
the person put the pot of water on a cooktop burner .
the person turned on the cooktop .
the person cut the potatoes into segments .
the person put the potatoes in the water on the cooktop .
the person covered the pot .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a knife and a peeler .
the person looked in the cupboard .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person peeled each potato over the sink .
the person rinsed both potatoes under the faucet .
the person opened two drawers .
the person took out a cutting board and a cooking pot .
the person filled the pot with water and seasonings .
the person placed the pot onto the stove .
the person started the burner .
the person cut the potatoes into quarters .
the person placed the potatoes into the pot .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person extracted a small knife from a drawer .
the person placed the knife on the counter .
the person extracted a potato peeler from the drawer .
the person placed the peeler near the knife on the counter .
the person picked up the knife .
the person looked inside a cupboard .
the person looked in another cupboard .
the person took out two potatoes from this cupboard .
the person went back to the counter .
the person lay down the knife .
the person picked up the potato peeler .
the person put one potato down on the counter .
the person peeled the potatoes with the peeler in the sink .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes on a plate .
the person took a pot out of a drawer .
put water and salt in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person quartered the potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes in the pot .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a knife and vegetable peeler .
the person turned .
the person went to the cabinets , .
still carrying the knife .
the person retrieved two potatoes .
the person took two potatoes to the sink .
the person peeled the potatoes over the sink .
the person washed both of the peeled potatoes .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
quickly , the person removed the pot .
the person filled the pot with some water .
the person sprinkled salt into the water .
the person placed a large pot on the stove .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person quartered the potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes in the water .
the person put the lid on the pan .
the person chose a potato peeler and small knife from a drawer .
the person also pulled out two small potatoes from the cabinet .
the person quickly peeled one potato over the sink , .
the person was done peeling both potatoes .
the person set one potato aside .
the person peeled the second in the same manner .
the person briefly rinsed both potatoes .
the person pulled out a cutting board , and a large pot with a glass lid .
the person filled the pot a third of the way with water from the sink .
the person pulled a spice from the wrack .
the person added a few shook of a spice to the water in the pot .
the person placed the pot onto the stove top , .
the person turned on the stove .
the person returned to the potatoes , .
the person cut each of the potatoes into fourths , .
the person added the potatoes to the pot .
the person replaced the glass lid onto the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a knife and a peeler .
the person looked in two cabinets .
the person took out two potatoes from the second cabinet he looked in .
the person placed one potato on the counter .
the person peeled the first potato over the sink .
the person finished slicing the first potato , .
the person put the first potato on the counter .
the person peeled the second one over the sink .
the person finished he took out a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person placed the potatoes on a cutting board .
the person took out a large pot from a kitchen drawer , .
the person poured water in a large pot , .
the person added salt .
the person placed a large pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person chopped the potatoes into pieces .
the person put the potatoes in the water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a paring knife and a potato knife from a drawer .
the person took two potatoes from a cabinet .
the person put one potato on the counter .
the person took the potato .
the person started peeling one potato with the potato knife over the sink .
the person grabbed the second potato .
the person peeled the second potato over the sink as well .
the person put the potato knife on the counter .
the person washed both potatoes at the sink .
the person grabbed a cutting board from a drawer .
the person put both potatoes on top .
the person took a pot with a lid from a drawer .
the person filled a pot with a lid with water .
the person added salt to a pot with a lid .
the person placed the pot on the stove uncovered .
the person turned the stove on .
the person cut both potatoes with the paring knife in quarters vertically and horizontally .
the person threw the potatoes inside the pot .
the person put the lid on top .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and bowl from the drawer .
the person brought an orange from the refrigerator .
the person peeled an orange with his hands .
the person discarded the peel into the waste bin .
the person separated the orange with his hands .
the person sliced the segments with the knife .
the person put the orange slices into the bowl .
the person brought a package of sugar from the cabinet .
the person sprinkled some sugar on the orange slices .
the person added some cream .
the person stirred the mixture with a spoon .
the person added some milk .
the person wiped the counter .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person rinsed the spoon .
the person dried the spoon with a towel .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person removed a knife , cutting board and a bowl from a drawer .
the person removed an orange from the fridge .
the person used his hands to peel the orange .
the person threw away the orange peelings .
the person picked apart the orange .
the person sliced the orange .
the person sprinkled sugar over the orange .
the person poured milk into the orange slices .
the person shook the bowl .
the person stirred the bowl .
the person cleaned off his utensils .
the person got a cutting board , knife , and a bowl from a drawer .
the person got an orange from a refrigerator .
the person peeled the orange with his fingers .
the person put the peels in a trash can .
the person peeled the orange into four sections with his hands .
the person sliced the orange with the knife .
the person put the orange in the bowl .
the person sprinkled sugar on the orange .
the person mixed milk in the bowl .
the person mixed the oranges with a spoon .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board .
the person put the cutting board in a drawer .
the person took a small knife out of the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and bowl from the cupboard .
the person placed a cutting board and bowl on the counter , .
the person removed an orange from the crisper .
the person peeled the orange over the cutting board .
the person threw the peel in the trash by the handful , .
the person split the orange into quarters .
the person used the paring knife to cut the quarters into pieces , splitting the individual segments as he went .
the person scraped the orange pieces into the bowl .
the person shook the orange pieces around .
the person took out a bag of sugar from the cabinet .
the person added several spoonfuls to the orange .
the person also added some milk from the fridge .
the person shook the bowl .
the person stirred to combine .
the person took out another bottle of kefir .
the person added some kefir to the bowl .
the person cleaned the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a bowl from the drawer .
the person selected an orange from the refrigerator .
the person removed the peel from the orange with his fingers .
the person split the orange into sections with his fingers .
the person used a knife to cut each section into slices .
the person put the slices into the bowl .
the person got a bag of sugar from the cabinet .
the person sprinkled a spoonful of sugar over the oranges .
the person took the milk from the refrigerator .
the person poured a splash of milk over the oranges and sugar .
the person stirred the orange mixture .
the person took the cream from the refrigerator .
the person poured a splash of cream over the orange mixture .
the person tossed the oranges around in the bowl .
the person gathered a small knife , cutting board , and metal bowl .
the person retrieved an orange from the refrigerator .
the person began to remove the peel of the orange with his hands over the cutting board .
the person used the knife to remove the stem end of the orange .
the person threw away the orange peelings .
the person split the orange apart into sections by hand .
the person used the knife to cut each piece of orange into slices .
the person placed the slice orange pieces into the metal bowl .
the person added two spoonfuls of sugar to the oranges .
the person added some milk or similar liquid to the bowl .
the person stirred the orange mixture .
the person added cream to the bowl .
the person once again stirred the orange mixture .
the person cleaned the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person selected a small knife .
the person placed a chopping board on the counter .
the person took out a small metal bowl .
from the fridge the person selected an orange , .
the person peeled an orange .
the person discarded the peel into a waste bin .
the person seperated the orange into segments , .
the person cut the segments up into small pieces .
the person put the pieces into a small metal bowl , .
the person sprinkled one and a half spoons of sugar onto the fruit .
the person poured on some milk from the fridge .
the person mixed some milk well .
the person added another thicker looking ingredient , possible cream or yogurt .
the person cleaned the counter top and utensils .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed a bowl from the drawer .
the person removed an orange from the fridge .
the person peeled the orange .
the person pulled the orange pieces apart .
the person diced the orange .
the person placed the orange in the bowl .
the person removed a liquid container from the fridge .
the person poured the liquid over the orange .
the person removed a second liquid container from the fridge .
the person poured the liquid over the orange .
the person mixed the orange and liquid .
the person brought out a knife , a cutting board , and a bowl .
the person got an orange , .
the person peeled an orange .
the person cut off the ends .
before quartering an orange .
the person began chopping each quarter of the orange .
once the entire orange had been chopped , the person put all of the pieces into a bowl .
the person carefully covered the oranges with approximately two spoonfuls of sugar .
the person drizzled milk on the mixture .
before mixing all of the ingredients together with a spoon .
the person used a spoon to add a little cream .
before mixing a little cream a final time .
the person cleaned up his work station .
the person opened the drawer beneath the counter .
the person took out a small knife .
the person also took out a circular cutting board , and a metal bowl .
the person took out an orange .
the person brought the orange over to the counter .
the person peeled the orange , .
the person peeled an orange .
the person left the peels on the cutting board .
the person cut the navel end off the orange .
the person threw away all the peels .
the person used his hands and separated the orange into four segments .
the person cut the segments into small , lengthwise slices .
the person moved all the slices into the metal bowl .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person took out a bag of sugar , .
the person sprinkled some sugar on the oranges .
the person put the sugar away .
the person took out a container of cream from the fridge .
the person poured some cream on the orange slices .
the person stirred the oranges together with a spoon , .
also poured some milk on the oranges from a bottle .
last , the person rinsed off the spoon , knife and cutting board , .
the person put the spoon , knife and cutting board all away .
the person took an orange , .
the person peeled an orange , .
the person took out the bad rotten parts , .
the person diced up the remaining orange .
the person put the remaining orange in a bowl .
the person added some sugar , milk , and another milk or creamer .
the person mixed some sugar , milk , and another milk or creamer all up .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person removed a small knife , a cutting board , and a metal bowl from the drawer .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the orange by hand .
the person sliced one end of the orange off .
the person threw the peels into the garbage bin .
the person broke apart the orange pieces .
the person cut up the orange pieces with the knife .
the person scraped the orange pieces into the metal bowl .
the person removed sugar from the cupboard and a spoon from the drawer .
the person sprinkled sugar over the orange pieces .
the person poured cream onto the orange pieces .
the person stirred the mixture with a spoon .
the person poured added some milk to the bowl .
the person rinsed the spoon , knife , and cutting board .
the person dried the spoon , knife , and cutting board .
the person put the spoon , knife , and cutting board away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
from drawers under the counter the person brought out a knife , a cutting board , and a bowl .
from the refrigerator the person brought out an orange .
the person peeled the orange with his hands over the board .
the person used the knife to finish the job .
with his hands , the person divided the orange into its segments .
the person used the knife to slice up the segments .
the person put the orange pieces in the bowl .
the person added in perhaps some sugar and milk .
the person stirred the contents of the bowl .
the person poured in a white substance from a bottle in the refrigerator .
the person wiped a spot on the counter with a cloth .
the person rinsed the spoon , knife , board .
the person wiped the spoon , knife , board dry with the cloth .
the person put away the spoon , knife , and board .
the person entered the kitchen he took out a knife , cutting board , and bowl .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed an orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person threw away the rind .
the person broke the orange in half into fourths .
the person cut the orange into even smaller pieces .
the person pushed the orange into the bowl .
the person sprinkled sugar on top .
the person added milk from the fridge to the bowl .
the person stirred the mixture .
the person got cream from the fridge .
the person added some of that to the mixture as well .
the person put away the cream .
the person wiped the table with a rag .
the person rinsed off his dishes .
the person rinsed off his dishes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board , a knife , and a bowl from the drawer .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person peeled an orange with his hands .
the person threw the peels in the trash .
the person quartered the orange with his hands .
the person chopped the orange into smaller pieces with the knife .
the person put the smaller orange slices into the bowl .
the person took a bag of sugar out of the pantry .
the person sprinkled a couple spoonfuls of sugar over the orange slices .
the person put the sugar away .
the person took some cream from the refrigerator .
the person poured some milk over the oranges .
the person put the cream back into the refrigerator .
the person stirred the mixture in the bowl .
the person took some milk from the refrigerator .
the person added to the mixture .
the person put the milk back .
the person washed the spoon , knife , and cutting board , .
the person put the spoon , knife , and cutting board away .
the person got a knife , cutting board , and bowl out of a drawer .
the person got an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the orange .
the person removed some of the pith using the knife .
the person sliced the orange with the knife .
the person sliced the orange with the knife .
the person put the orange pieces into the bowl .
the person got some sugar out of the pantry .
the person put a little sugar on the oranges .
the person took some milk out of the fridge .
the person poured some milk into the bowl .
the person mixed the contents of the bowl with a spoon .
the person poured creamer into the bowl .
the person cleaned the dishes he used .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a small knife , cutting board , bowl , and orange .
the person peeled the orange using his hands , .
the person removed some of the pith using the knife .
the person threw out the peels .
the person separated the segments , .
the person cut the segments into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person took out a bag of sugar , .
the person poured several spoonfuls over the orange using a teaspoon .
the person took out a carton of dairy .
the person poured a small amount over a carton of dairy .
the person mixed the oranges around using the spoon , .
the person added a small amount of another dairy .
the person washed the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person took out a bowl .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an orange .
the person peeled the orange with his hands .
the person disposed of the orange peel .
the person cut the orange into small pieces .
the person put the pieces of orange into a bowl .
the person added sugar to the orange .
the person added milk to the orange .
the person stirred the mixture around with a spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a leek from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of the drawer .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person chopped the leaves of the leek .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove top .
the person turned on the burner .
the person took a bottle of olive oil from the pantry .
the person added some to the pan .
the person took a wooden spoon out of the drawer .
the person stirred the oil around in the pan .
the person added the chopped leeks to the pan .
the person stirred the chopped leeks .
the person seasoned the leeks with two spices from the spice rack .
the person stirred the leeks more .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cooked leeks onto the plate .
the person removed some leek from the fridge .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the leak .
the person sliced the leek into tiny pieces .
the person the placed a skillet on the stove .
the person poured wine into the skillet .
the person put the leek in the skillet .
the person sauteed the leek .
the person poured salt in the leek .
the person poured the leek onto a plate .
the person retrieved a leek from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and a cutting board from the beneath the counter .
the person began to dice the leafy part of the leek .
the person finished , he got out a pan .
the person oiled the pan , .
the person placed the diced leek in the pan .
sauteed the diced leek at high heat .
the person added some spices to the dish .
the person got a place from the pantry .
the person put the sauteed leek onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a large leek out of the refrigerator .
the person brought the leek to the counter , .
the person got out a cutting board and a large carving knife .
the person washed the green part of the leek in the sink .
the person cut away part of the green part , .
the person chopped the green part of the leek into very fine pieces .
the person got out a skillet .
the person put a skillet on the range .
the person seemed to have trouble for a moment getting the range going .
the person went to the cupboard .
the person got out some oil .
the person poured some oil in the pan , .
the person got a wooden spatula out .
the person put the chopped leek into the pan .
the person stirred the chopped leek .
the person got two bottles from the seasoning rack .
the person added seasoning to the cooking leek .
the person got out a plate .
the person poured the finished leek onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a leek from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person cut the top part of the leek into small pieces .
the person got a pan from under the counter .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person got some olive oil from the cabinet .
the person poured some in the pan .
the person got a spatula from the drawer .
the person spread the oil in the pan .
the person put the chopped leek in the pan .
the person stirred the leek .
the person added seasoning .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person turned off the stove .
the person poured the cooked leek onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a leek from the refrigerator .
the person placed the leek on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person sliced some green leaf from the top of the leek in thin diced .
the person set the rest of the leek aside .
the person placed a skillet on the stove .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person added some oil to the skillet .
the person added the diced leek to the skillet .
sauteed with a wooden spatula .
the person added spice from the spice rack .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the sauteed leeked onto the plate .
the person spread the sauteed leeked with the spatula .
the person took out a leek from the fridge .
the person placed a leek on the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the leek .
the person used the knife to cut the top green part of the leek into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person pulled a pan out .
the person started the stove .
the person poured oil into the pan .
the person used a spatula to spread the oil around .
the person placed the leek pieces into the pan .
the person spread the leek pieces around with the spatula .
the person poured two spices into the pan .
the person used the spatula to spread the mixture around more .
the person took out a small plate .
the person placed a small plate on the counter .
the person used the spatula to put the leek pieces onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person fetched a leek from the cooler .
the person fetched a knife and cutting board .
the person washed the leek .
the person removed the bad parts of the leaves .
the person began slicing the leaves .
the person finished , he put a skillet on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the stove warmed up the person got some olive oil from the pantry , .
the person drizzled the olive oil into the skillet , .
the person spread the olive oil around with a wooden spatula .
the person put the sliced leek greens into the pan .
the person moved the sliced leek greens around with the spatula .
the sliced leek greens cooked .
the person moved the sliced leek greens around with the spatula .
a moment the person added some salt and pepper , .
the person continued stirring .
the person retrieved a plate from the cupboard .
the person moved the greens from the skillet to the plate .
the person entered in a neat kitchen .
the person put out leek from refrigerator .
the person put out a knife and mat from drawer .
the person washed leek .
the person cut the leaves of leek .
the person put out frying pan from drawer .
the person did on the electronic machine .
the person put out bottle of oil from cupboard .
the person put some oil in frying pan .
the person took a spoon from drawer .
the person moved spoon in some oil .
the person thrown some leaves .
the person thrown all leek leaved in frying pan .
the person fried all leek leaved .
the person put salt and black pepper in the frying pan .
the person fried the leek leaved .
the person put out a plate from cupboard .
the person closed electronic machine .
the person put fry leek leaved in plate .
the person went into the fridge .
the person took out a leek .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a knife from the drawers .
the person rinsed the leek under running water .
the person sliced the leafy top of the leek with the knife .
the person took a frying pan from the drawer .
the person started the stove .
the person poured some olive oil into the pan .
the person added the chopped leek to the frying pan .
the person stirred the contents of the pan with a wooden spoon .
the person sprinkled seasonings into the pan .
the person grabbed a plate from the cupboard .
the person set a plate on the counter .
the person shut off the stove top .
the person scraped the fried leek onto the plate .
the person entered in the kitchen room .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a leek out .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the prep area .
the person washed the leek well .
the person chopped the leek finely .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took a frying pan from the drawer .
the person placed the pan on the stove .
the person switched on the stove .
the person poured some oil to the pan .
the person spread the oil well with the wooden spatula .
the person put the chopped leeks in the pan .
the person fried the chopped leeks well .
the person sprinkled the salt and pepper in the pan .
the person fried the chopped leeks well .
the person opened the cupboard , .
the person took a plate .
the person transferred the leek into the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired a leek , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person finely diced the leafy portion of the leek .
the person took out a pan and bottle of oil .
the person turned the stove on .
the person poured some oil in the pan .
the person added the chopped leeks to the pan .
the person stirred the chopped leeks with a spatula .
the person stirred the chopped leeks with a spatula .
the person added some salt and pepper .
the person continued to stir .
the person took out a plate , .
the person placed the leeks on the plate .
the person took a leek out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and a big , sharp knife .
the person washed the top leafy part well .
the person cut off a dried two inch portion of leaf .
the person cut this leafy , dark green part very finely .
there was around three inches of dark green portion left , the person stopped .
the person placed a frying pan on the cooking range .
the person heated a frying pan .
the person added around a tablespoon of olive oil into the frying pan .
the person spread the oil in the pan .
the person added a pinch of the greens of the leek into the pan .
the person added the rest of the chopped up greens of the leek .
the person stirred the chopped up greens of the leek constantly .
the person added some salt .
the person also sprinkled another spice into the chopped up greens of the leek .
the person took out the fried greens into a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a leek .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person washed the leek .
the person cut some of the leek .
the person took a pan from under the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person got a spatula .
the person stirred the oil .
the person added the leek to the pan .
the person stirred the leek .
the person added spices to the leek .
the person cooked the leek more .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the leek onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a stalk of leeks from the fridge .
the person set a stalk of leeks on the counter .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person put a knife on the cutting board .
the person washed the leeks over the sink .
the person cut off unwanted tips from the leeks .
the person set the unwanted tips aside .
the person chopped the leafs into chunks until halfway down .
the person set the rest of the leeks aside on the counter .
the person took out a pan from the drawer .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person turned on the stove and the overhead light .
the person took a bottle of oil from the cabinet , .
the person drizzled some oil into the pan , .
the person set the rest of the bottle aside .
the person took a wooden spatula from the drawer .
the person used a wooden spatula to even out the oil in the pan .
the person tossed a piece of chopped leek into the pan .
the person followed with the rest .
the person cooked the leeks .
seasoned the leeks with salt and pepper .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person set a plate to the pan .
the person scraped the leeks from the pan onto the plate .
slightly arranged the leeks with the spatula .
the person got a leek from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the leek .
the person got a frying pan .
the person put a frying pan on a stove .
the person put oil in the frying pan .
the person added the leeks to the pan .
the person added salt and pepper to the leeks .
the person put the leeks on a plate .
the person gathered a leek stalk from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and large knife from a drawer .
the person rinsed the green portion of the leek in the sink .
the person placed a leek stalk on the cutting board .
the person used the knife to remove the top-most green portion of the leek .
the person began to dice the remaining green portion of the leek .
the person diced about half of the dark green portion of the leek .
the person retrieved a pan from a cupboard .
the person placed a pan on a stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person added some oil to the frying pan .
the person placed the chopped leek into the pan .
the person stirred the leek with a spatula .
the person fried the leek .
the person stirred the leek with a spatula .
the person added seasoning to the cooking leek .
the person placed the cooked leek onto a plate .
the person looked towards someone or thing off-camera he was finished .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed leek out the fridge .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board out the drawer .
the person rinsed the leek using the sink .
the person chopped the leek into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a frying pan .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person poured some oil into the frying pan .
the person placed the leek into the frying pan .
the person placed more ingredients into the frying pan .
the person grabbed a white plate out the cabinet .
the person placed the cooked leek onto the white plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened up the fridge .
the person took out a leek .
the person placed a leek on the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person opened another drawer , .
the person took out a knife .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the leek .
the person placed the leek on the cutting board .
the person cut up the leek with the knife .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person opened a drawer , .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person took out a bottle of oil .
the person poured the oil in the frying pan .
the person placed the bottle on the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a spatula .
the person spread the oil in the pan with the spatula , .
the person put the leeks in the pan .
the person stirred the leeks with the spatula , .
the person took some seasoning out of a rack .
the person sprinkled some seasoning on the leeks .
the person walked to the cupboard , .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person placed the leeks in the plate .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a leek .
the person also opened the drawer under the counter .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person rinsed the leek off with running water , .
the person put the leek on the cutting board .
the person cut up part of the leaves of the leek very finely , .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person put the pan on with a bit of oil .
the person turned on the stove .
the person took out a wooden spatula .
the person stirred the oil around .
the oil was heated , the person added the leek into the pan .
the person stir-fried the leeks .
the person added a little bit of salt and pepper .
the person went .
the person took a plate from the cupboard , .
the person scraped the cooked leek onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi fruit from the cupboard .
the person took a peeler and cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed the cutting board onto the counter .
the person peeled the kiwi over the waste bin .
the person rinsed the peeler in the sink .
the person put the peeler back in the drawer .
the person rinsed the kiwi in the sink .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person trimmed the ends with the knife .
the person removed the remaining skin from the fruit with the knife .
the person put the trimmings into the waste bin .
the knife fell to the floor .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person picked the knife from the floor .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person placed the kiwi onto the cutting board .
the person took out a kiwi , a cutting board , and peeler .
the person peeled the kiwi over the trash .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person put the peeler away .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut off the ends .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person took out a kiwi from the shelf .
the person took out a cutting board and a peeler .
the person peeled the skin off the kiwi very carefully .
the person washed the peeler and the kiwi .
the person took a chopper .
the person cut off a bit from both the ends of the kiwi .
the person scraped off any leftover peel with the chopper .
the chopper fell down .
the person washed the chopper and the kiwi again .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a kiwi from the cabinet .
the person retrieved a cutting board from the top drawer , .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter top , .
the person retrieved a peeler from the same drawer .
the person opened the trash been , wich was inside a drawer of its own .
carefully peeled the kiwi , .
the peelings dropped into the trash .
the person peeled the kiwi he closed the trash drawer not all the way , leaving it open roughly three inches .
the person rinsed off the peeler .
the person put the peeler back in the drawer , .
the person rinsed off the kiwi .
the person retrieved a knife from the top drawer .
the person sliced off either end of the kiwi on the cutting board .
also sliced a spot from the kiwi 's mid section .
the person left the kiwi and knife on the cutting board .
the person discarded the pieces , he had sliced off , into the trash .
the person came back to the kiwi , .
the person examined the kiwi .
the person dropped the knife on the floor .
the person rinsed off the kiwi , .
the person picked up the knife , .
the person rinsed the knife off .
the person placed the kiwi on the cutting board , .
the person removed a kiwi from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and a peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the kiwi over the garbage can .
the person washed the peeler and the kiwi .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person removed any leftover peels from the kiwi .
the person went to the pantry .
the person took out a kiwi , .
the person took a cutting board out from under the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person got a vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the kiwi over the garbage can , .
so the skins fell into the trash .
the person rinsed off the peeler he was finished , .
the person put the peeler back in the drawer .
the person washed off the peeled kiwi .
the person took a knife out from the drawer .
carefully cut off the ends of the kiwi .
the person threw away the ends into the trash .
the person rinsed the kiwi off once more , .
the person rinsed the knife under running water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi from the pantry .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board and peeler .
the person stood over the trash can .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person rinsed the peeler .
the person put the peeler back in the drawer .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off the kiwi .
the person threw the ends away .
the person dropped the knife on the floor .
the person picked the knife up .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a kiwi , cutting board , and peeler .
the person peeled the kiwi over the trash can .
the person washed the kiwi in the sink , .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the ends off of the kiwi .
the person threw the ends away .
the person washed the kiwi again , along with the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a kiwi from a cabinet .
the person grabbed a cutting board and a potato peeler from a drawer .
the person opened the trash cabinet .
the person peeled the kiwi on top of the trash bin .
the person washed the potato peeler .
the person put the potato peeler back in the drawer .
the person washed the kiwi at the sink .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person cut both ends of the kiwi with the knife .
the person threw both ends in the trash .
the person placed the knife in the counter .
the knife fell to the floor .
the person washed the kiwi at the sink .
the person picked up the knife .
the person washed the knife at the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen to the cabinet .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed a kiwi .
the person shut the cabinet door .
the person walked over to the counter , .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got out a peeler , and cutting board .
the person placed the items on the counter .
the person closed the drawer .
the person walked over to the trash can .
the person peeled the kiwi over the trash can .
the person rinsed off the kiwi .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a knife .
the person shut the drawer , .
the person cleaned the kiwi up with the knife .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the cook came into the kitchen from the left side of the video .
the person went to the bottom .
the person took a kiwi from the closet .
the person followed , he grabbed a cutting board from one of the drawers .
the person took a peeler in another drawer .
the person opened the trash can to the right , with the hand holding the peeler .
the person began to peel the kiwi with some difficulty .
the arduous task , the person washed the peeler .
the person put the peeler back in the drawer .
still in the same drawer , the person pulled out a knife .
with the knife the person cut off the ends of the fruit .
the peel remaining parts .
the person took these pieces .
the person threw the pieces in the trash .
the person washed the fruit and the knife .
the person removed a kiwi fruit from the food cupboard .
the person used a peeler , he peeled the kiwi fruit .
the person used a knife to cut the ends .
the person washed the fruit .
the person placed the washed , peeled fruit on the chopping board .
the person got a kiwi from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a vegetable peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the kiwi with the peeler over a trash bin .
the person got a french knife from a drawer .
the person cleaned the last bit of sink off the kiwi with the knife .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person in the video entered the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi out of the cupboard .
the person went over to the sink .
the person pulled a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person put the cutting board on the counter , .
the person took a peeler out of the drawer .
the person walked over to the trash can .
the person peeled the kiwi over the trash can .
the person threw away the peels .
the person peeled the kiwi he washed the peeler .
the person put the peeler back in the drawer .
the person put away the peeler he washed off the kiwi .
the person went back over to the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off the kiwi .
the person placed the ends in the trash .
the person began to cut the kiwi .
the person dropped the knife on the floor .
the person tried to wash off the kiwi again .
the person picked the knife back up off the floor .
the person washed the knife off in the sink .
the person washed the knife off in the sink .
the person rinsed his hand in the sink .
the person removed a kiwi from the cabinet .
the person removed a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the kiwi over the garbage .
the person washed the kiwi in the sink .
the person removed a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the edges off the kiwi .
the person threw the edges into the garbage .
the person dropped the knife .
the person washed the kiwi again .
the person washed the knife .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took a kiwi , a cutting board and a peeler , .
the person opened the trash .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person threw the peels to the trash .
the person cleaned the peeler and kiwi .
the person placed back the peeler .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person sliced the both end of the kiwi .
carefully removed any tiny peel left on the fruit .
the person threw away the tiny peel and both ends to the trash .
the person moved again to wash the kiwi .
at the same time the knife slipped .
the knife fell down .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person picked the knife .
the person washed the knife and his hand .
the person placed the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected kiwi from the pantry .
the person selected a cutting board and a peeler from a drawer .
the person carefully peeled the kiwi over a garbage can .
the person rinsed the kiwi in the sink .
the person selected a large knife .
the person used the knife to cut the ends off of the kiwi .
it dropped the knife on the floor .
the person again rinsed the kiwi .
also rinsed the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person removed a kiwi , .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a peeler , and a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person walked over to the trash can .
the person opened the drawer .
the person pulled out the trash can .
the person peeled the kiwi over the trash can .
the person rinsed off the peeler , .
the person rinsed off the kiwi .
the person turned the water off .
the person opened the drawer again .
the person removed a knife .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person to the pantry .
the person got a kiwi from the pantry .
the person got a large cutting board from the cabinet .
the person got a peeler from the drawer .
the person used a peeler to peel the kiwi above the garbage .
the person rinsed the peeler in the sink .
the person returned the peeler to the drawer .
the person rinsed the kiwi in the sink .
the person selected a knife from the drawer .
the person used the knife to scrape away any remaining skin .
the person threw away the shavings .
the person rinsed the kiwi and the knife in the sink .
a new person came in the kitchen .
the person went straight to the pantry .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person took out a cutting board and peeler .
the person opened the trash , he peeled the kiwi over the bin .
the person was finished , he rinsed the peeler .
the person put the peeler back in the drawer .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person took out a knife .
the person proceeded to take extra skin off the kiwi in an awkward fashion with the knife .
the person again washed the kiwi , .
the person washed the knife .
the person took a single kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and a peeler from the drawers .
the person opened the trash drawer .
the person peeled the kiwi over the garbage bin .
the person rinsed the peeler in the sink .
the person placed the peeler back into the drawer .
the person rinsed the peeled kiwi .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the ends off of the kiwi .
the person dropped the knife onto the floor .
the person rinsed off the kiwi .
the person picked up the knife .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person took some refrigerated herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person added a few dry fresh herbs .
the person added these herbs to a metal bowl .
the person pulled the stemmed from herbs .
the person threw the stemmed and the empty bag in the trash .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person diced the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person rinsed off the cutting board and knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed herbs out of the fridge .
the person pulled a bowl out of the drawer .
the person placed the herbs inside the bowl .
the person rinsed the herbs using the sink .
the person pulled a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person took a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person pulled herbs off of the vine .
the person retrieved and bowl from the drawer .
the person put the herbs into the bowl .
the person threw away the empty bag .
the person filled the bowl of herbs with water .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person drained the water from the bowl .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped herbs back in the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a plastic bag from the refridgerator .
the person placed a plastic bag on the kichen counter .
the person put some herbs on a plastic bag .
the person took a metal bowl from the drawer .
the person placed a metal bowl on the kichen counter .
the person put pieces of herbs into the bowl .
the person put the unusable pieces of the herbs in the plastic bag .
the person threw the plastic bag into the garbage disposal .
the person washed the herbs that were in the bowl .
the person took a chopping board and a knife from the drawer .
the person placed a chopping board and a knife on the kitchen counter .
the person chopped the herbs into tiny pieces .
the person put the herbs back into the bowl .
the person washed his hands and the knife .
the person wiped the knife .
the person put the knife back into the drawer .
the person washed the chopping board .
the person put the chopping board back into the drawer .
the person took a towel .
the person wiped the kitchen counter .
the person added some herbs to a bowl .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed the herbs on the board .
the person sliced the herbs .
the person put the sliced herbs in a bowl .
the person washed the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person placed the knife back into the drawer .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board back into the drawer .
the person wiped the counters with a towel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed the herbs from the refrigerator .
the person placed some herbs in a metal bowl .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person took out a chopping board and a knife .
the person cut the herbs .
the person placed the herbs in the bowl .
the person was finished , he washed the cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person removed some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person pulled some herbs from the stemmed .
the person got a bowl out of a drawer .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person washed the herbs .
the person got a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs into the bowl .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out the packet of herbs .
the person placed the packet of herbs on the platform .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a bowl .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person filled the bowl of herbs with water .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a chopping board and a knife .
the person poured out the water from the bowl .
the person placed the herbs on the chopping board .
the person chopped the herbs very finely .
the person put the herbs into the bowl .
the person washed the knife .
the person patted the knife dry .
the person put the knife into the drawer .
the person washed the chopping board .
the person put the chopping board into the drawer .
the person patted his hands dry .
the person cleaned the platform with the cloth .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a package of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person picked some fresh herbs from plants on the counter .
the person separated the leaves over a bowl .
the person washed the leaves in the sink .
the person drained the water from the bowl .
the person cut the herbs on a cutting board .
the person placed the chopped herbs back into the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person cleaned the knife , .
the person dried the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person washed the cutting board in the sink .
the person put the cutting board back into the drawer .
the person wiped his work area with a towel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got some type of food out .
the person set some type of food on the counter , .
the person went .
the person got a bowl .
the person placed the food in the bowl .
the person started to prep the food in the bowl , .
the person went to the sink .
the person set the bowl down .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person drained the water off of the food in the bowl .
the person squeezed any water left in the food out .
the person the placed the food on the cutting board .
the person began to finely cut the food .
the person put the food back in the bowl .
the person set the knife aside .
the person rinsed his hands , knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person put everything back where he got the knife and cutting board from .
the person wiped the counter off .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person took a small bowl out of the cabinet .
the person put the leaves in the bowl .
the person broke off the stalks .
the person threw the stalks into the garbage .
the person rinsed the herbs in the bowl .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawers .
the person drained the water out of the bowl .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs into the bowl .
the person washed his hands and the knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person wiped off the counter .
the person got a bag with herbs from the refrigerator , .
some herbs from a plant on the counter .
the person separated the parts that he needed .
the person placed both herbs in a bowl .
the person threw the remaining pieces into the trash .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person drained the water , leaving the herbs behind .
the person squeezed the herbs to drain the excess water .
the person put the herbs onto a cutting board .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs back into the bowl .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board in the sink , .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out herbs .
the person put the herbs into a metal bowl .
the person added water to the bowl .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person finely cut the herbs .
the person put the cut herbs into a bowl .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the fridge .
the person removed a bag of herbs from the fridge .
the person took the herbs to the counter .
the person retrieved a small bowl from a drawer .
the person picked through the herbs .
the person removed the leafy parts .
the person put the leafy parts in the small bowl .
the person rinsed the bowl of herbs with water .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs back in the bowl .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person washed the herbs in the bowl in the sink .
the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person made sure the herbs were free of excess water .
the person chopped the herbs into fine pieces .
the person put the chopped herbs back into the original bowl .
the person rinsed his hands and the knife .
the person cleaned up his kitchen space .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person took a bowl out of the bottom cabinet .
the person put a bowl on the counter .
the person picked the herbs .
the person put some in the bowl and some on the plastic bag .
the person threw the bag away .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person took a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person poured the water out of the bowl .
the person chopped the herbs finely on the cutting board .
the person put the chopped herbs in a bowl .
the person rinsed his hands and knife .
the person dried the knife and the towel .
the person rinsed the chopping board .
the person placed the chopping board back in the drawer .
the person dried his hands .
the person wiped the counter with a towel .
the person put the towel back on the towel rack .
the person got fresh herbs from a refrigerator .
the person got a metal bowl from a cabinet .
the person picked herbs in the bowl .
the person threw the stemmed in the trash can .
the person rinsed the herbs in a sink .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person rinsed the knife in the sink .
the person put the knife away .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person gathered a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed some herb leafed from their stem .
the person placed the herb leafed into a bowl .
the person added water to the herb leafs in the bowl .
the person gathered a knife and cutting board .
the person removed the water from the spinach .
the person chopped the spinach on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped herb into the bowl .
the person rinsed the knife and the cutting board off .
the person put the knife and the cutting board away .
the person cleaned off the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person got a bowl from under the counter .
the person put some of the herbs in a bowl .
the person put some of the herbs in a bowl .
the person threw the pieces of the herbs away .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person let the herbs sit in the bowl .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person drained the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs into tiny pieces .
the person put the chopped herbs in the bowl .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board both away .
the person wiped the counter .
the person wiped the counter .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed herbs in a bag from the refrigerator .
the person picked the herbs off the stemmed .
the person put the herbs into the bowl .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person washed the herbs in the bowl under the faucet of the sink .
the person removed a cutting board and kitchen knife .
the person removed the water from the bowl containing the herbs .
the person laid the herbs onto the cutting board .
the person started to cut up the herbs on the cutting board with the kitchen knife until they were finely cut .
the person took the finely cut herbs .
the person returned the finely cut herbs to the bowl .
the person washed his hands as well as the kitchen knife , .
the person dried the kitchen knife off on a kitchen rag .
the person put the kitchen knife back into the drawer .
the person washed off the cutting board .
the person returned the cutting board to the drawer .
the person dried off his hands with a kitchen rag .
the person cleaned the counter top with a kitchen rag .
the person returned the kitchen rag to its holder .
the person stood in front of the counter top .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from the drawers .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out some broccoli .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed the plastic from the broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person cut the stem of the broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into large pieces .
the person got a second plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person put the broccoli on the second plate .
the person threw away the refuse .
the person washed the dishes .
the person dried the dishes .
the person pulled the cutting board out of the drawer .
the person removed some broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person rinsed off the broccoli .
the person sliced the broccoli .
the person placed the head of the broccoli on one plate and the stem on another .
the person removed another plate from the cabinet .
the person tossed the stemmed into the trash can .
the person rinsed off the chopping board .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a knife .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a head of broccoli .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
the person used the knife to take the plastic wrapping off of the broccoli .
the person sat the brocoli down on the plate .
the person turned on the faucet .
the person rinsed the head of broccoli .
the person began by cutting off the stem .
and putting the stem on the plate .
the person cut the broccoli into florets .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person got another plate .
the person continued to cut the florets into smaller pieces .
the person placed the florets on that plate .
the person took the remaining stemmed .
the person threw the remaining stemmed into the garbage .
the person rinsed the cutting board and the remaining dishes .
the person was done , he put the dishes away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person got some broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the band off the broccoli .
the person removed the warapper .
the person put the wrapper in the trash .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person sliced off the stem .
the person put the stemmed on the plate .
the person got another plate from the cabinet .
the person sliced the flowerettes off the stemmed .
the person sliced up the stemmed .
the person put the flowerettes on a plate .
the person set the plate of broccoli aside .
the person threw away the trash .
the person washed the plate , knife and cutting board .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person hung up the towel .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person set a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife .
the person set a knife on the cutting board .
the person took a spear of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person set a spear of broccoli on the counter .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person put a plate on the counter .
the person used the knife , he cut the plastic wrap from the broccoli .
the person discarded the plastic wrap in the trash .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on the cutting board .
the person cut off the broccoli 's stalk .
the person set the broccoli 's stalk on the plate .
the person cut the broccoli in half , length-wise , .
the person cut the florets at the stem .
the person took a second plate out of the cabinet , .
the person washed a second plate in the sink , .
the person set a second plate on the counter .
the person chopped the broccoli into bite-sized chunks .
the person put the broccoli onto the second plate .
the person scrapped the crumbs into the first plate .
the person discarded the crumbs ' content into the trash .
the person washed the empty plate , the knife , and the cutting board .
the person set the empty plate , the knife , and the cutting board back on the counter , .
the person cleaned the empty plate , the knife , and the cutting board off with a towel , .
the person put the empty plate , the knife , and the cutting board back where they belong .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , broccoli and a plate .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person washed the brocoli .
the person cut off the stem , .
the person put the stem on the plate .
the person cut the head of broccoli in half , .
the person cut the head of broccoli into segments .
the person took out another plate .
the person washed the plate .
the person cut the segments into smaller chunks , .
the person placed the segments on the second plate .
the person finished cutting the head , he threw out the stem .
the person washed the plate and knife .
the person washed the cutting board , .
the person wiped the counter off .
the person walked in an pulled out four items ; a cutting board , a knife , a head of broccoli and a plate .
the person had some difficulty opening the broccoli packaging , .
the person cut open the broccoli packaging .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person threw away the packaging , .
the person thoroughly washed the broccoli .
the person removed the stem .
the person proceeded to cut the broccoli in half .
the person grabbed another plate .
the person started to cut the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person placed the broccoli on the plate .
once the person finished cutting the head of the broccoli , he chopped up the stem .
the person placed the stem with the other broccoli on the plate .
the person put the unusable parts of the broccoli onto the other plate , .
the person washed that plate , along with the knife and cutting board he used .
the person dried the plate , along with the knife and cutting board , .
the person put the plate , along with the knife and cutting board back where he found them .
all that remained was the plate of chopped broccoli as the person started to walk away .
the person took a cutting board and a large knife from the drawers .
the person went into the fridge .
the person removed a head of broccoli .
the person grabbed a plate from the cupboard .
the person removed the plastic packaging from the broccoli .
the person threw the plastic packaging in the trash .
the person rinsed the broccoli head under the tap .
the person cut two pieces from the stalk .
the person placed two pieces from the stalk on a plate .
the person cut the broccoli head in half .
the person cut the stalk from each half .
the person grabbed another plate .
the person rinsed the plate in the sink .
the person cut the broccoli head into smaller florets .
the person diced the stalk pieces from the cutting board .
the person placed the stalk pieces onto the plate with the florets .
the person threw the scraps into the trash bin .
the person rinsed the plate , the knife , and the cutting board .
the person dried the plate , knife , and cutting board .
the person put the plate , knife , and cutting board away .
the person took out a cutting board .
the placed a knife on top of the cutting board .
the person opened a refrigerator .
the person took out a piece of broccoli .
the person placed everything on a counter .
the person opened a pantry .
the person took out a plate .
the person used a knife to tear the plastic off of the broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person sliced the broccoli .
the person placed the remainders on a separate plate .
the person placed the finely chopped broccoli pieces on a plate .
the person threw the remainders away .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person put everything where the dishes belonged .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a pad and knife .
the person took a broccoli from refrigerator and a plate from shelf .
the person removed package of broccoli .
the person thrown the package in bottom drawer of platform .
the person cleaned broccoli .
separated waste and useful .
the person took another plate from shelf .
the person mad broccoli into pieces .
the person thrown waste in one plate into bottom drawer .
the person washed plate , knife and pad with water .
the person cleaned those with a cloth .
the person replaced cleaned things into drawer and shelf and also cloth .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a head of broccoli from the fridge and a plate from the cabinet .
the person took the plastic off the broccoli .
the person threw the plastic away .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person cut off the bottom of the stem .
the person got another plate from the cabinet .
the person set the plate to the cutting board .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person put the bad pieces of broccoli on another plate .
the person threw the bad pieces away .
the person rinsed the plate .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board .
the person put away the knife , cutting board and plate .
the person got a cutting board and knife out of a drawer .
the person got some broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person went to the pantry .
the person took out a plate .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli off .
the person cut the broccoli .
the person took out another plate .
the person cut the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person put the broccoli on one of the plates .
the person cleaned the dishes he used .
the person dried the dishes .
the person put the dishes away .
the person took out a big , rectangular cutting board and a chopper .
the person took out a broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person removed the shrink wrap off the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate .
the person rinsed the broccoli well .
the person cut two discs , each around an inch thick , off the stem of the broccoli .
the person placed these discs on a plate .
the person cut the broccoli vertically in half .
the person chopped the balance of the thick stem off .
the person took each half .
the person now took the broccoli head in parts .
the person separated the broccoli head into smaller floral shoots .
the person cut each floral shoot roughly into inch-long , and , approximately , inch thick pieces .
the person arranged all these pieces on a plate .
the person also cut the tender stem attached to the floral shoot into pieces .
the person also cut the stem into similar sized pieces .
the person discarded the two discs he had cut off initially into the dustbin .
the person rinsed off all the implemented , .
the person wiped the implemented dry .
the person put the implemented away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the counter .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person took out a head of broccoli and a plate .
the person put the stemmed on one plate .
the person cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person took out another plate .
the person cut the broccoli chunks into smaller pieces .
the person put the pieces of broccoli onto another .
the person disposed of the broccoli stemmed .
the person cleaned the plate , cutting board , and knife .
the person put away the plate , cutting board , and knife .
the person dried the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took a head of broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person cut the plastic off of the broccoli .
the person threw the plastic away .
the person rinsed off the broccoli in the sink .
the person chopped the broccoli into pieces .
the person took another plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the plate off .
the person chopped the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person put the smaller pieces onto the plate .
the person threw the excess broccoli pieces into the trash .
the person rinsed off the plate in the sink .
the person also rinsed off the knife and the cutting board .
the person dried off the knife , cutting board and plate , .
the person put the knife , cutting board and plate away .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person got the broccoli out of the fridge .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person opened the broccoli .
the person threw the wrap in the trash .
the person rinsed the broccoli off .
the person separated the broccoli stemmed and headed onto two different plates .
the person cut the broccoli in half .
the person chopped the broccoli up .
the person cleaned off the cutting board .
the person dumped the trash in the bin .
the person washed the dishes .
the person put away the knife and cutting board .
the person cleaned off the counter .
the person dried the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife .
the person grabbed broccoli out the fridge .
the person unwrapped the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli off .
the person placed the broccoli onto the cutting board .
the person sliced the broccoli into little pieces .
the person placed the pieces of broccoli on to the white plate .
the person tossed the leftover pieces into the garbage .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the broccoli in the sink .
the person chopped off the stem .
the person cut the broccoli in half .
the person removed another plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person placed the broccoli on the plate .
the person threw the scraps on one plate into the garbage .
the person rinsed the plate , knife , and cutting board .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person removed the plastic from the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli in a sink .
the person cut the broccoli into florets .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the cut broccoli on the plate .
the person threw the stem in the trash .
the person rinsed the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person removed the plastic wrapping from a head of broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli in the sink .
the person placed the broccoli on a cutting board .
the person used a knife , he cut the stem from the head of broccoli .
the person sliced the head of broccoli into smaller chunks .
the person cut each of the chunks of broccoli into bite-sized pieces .
the person placed the bite-sized pieces of broccoli onto plate .
the person discarded the broccoli stem .
the person cleaned the dishes and utensils , .
the person dried the dishes and utensils , .
the person put away the dishes and utensils he had used .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person got two onions and a plate from a cabinet .
the person sliced the ends of the onions .
the person removed the peels from the onions .
the person sliced the onions .
the person cut the slices into a dice .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the onions on the plate .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person took out a plate from the cabinet .
the person opened another cabinet .
the person removed two onions .
the person placed the onions on a plate on the counter .
the person sliced the ends of the onions .
the person peeled both of the onions .
the person placed the onions on the cutting board .
the person cleared the chopping board .
the person chopped the onions on the cutting board .
the person grabbed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the onions on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person took a plate and two onions out of the cabinet .
the person put the onions on the plate .
the person cut off the ends of the onions .
the person peeled the onions on the cutting board .
the person put the ends and the peelings on the plate .
the person diced the onions on the cutting board .
the person took another plate out of the cabinet .
the person scraped the diced onions onto the plate with the knife .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person grabbed a plate and two onions from the cabinet .
the person peeled the onions on the chopping board .
the person chopped the onions .
the person retrieved a plate from the cabinet .
the person scraped the chopped onion onto the plate .
the person walked in the kitchen , .
the person collected a knife and a cutting board from the drawer , .
the person placed a knife and a cutting board on the counter .
the person retrieved two onions from the pantry , .
the person peeled the skin from two onions .
the person placed two onions on the cutting board .
the person chopped the onion into small pieces .
the person dumped the pieces onto the plate .
the person placed the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a plate with two onions on a plate from the pantry .
the person cut the skins off two onions .
the person sliced the onions thinly .
the person diced the onions .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person scraped the onions onto the plate .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person placed two onions on the counter .
the person cut the ends off of the onion .
the person cut a slit in the onion skin .
the person peeled the onion .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person did the same to the other onion .
the person thinly sliced the onions .
the person placed the sliced onions on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person grabbed onions and plate out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the onion using his hand .
the person chopped the onions on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped onions onto the white plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person got a plate and two onions from the cupboard .
the person trimmed off the ends each onion .
the person peeled each onion .
the person put the peels on the plate .
the person sliced the onions thinly .
the person diced the slices .
the person cut the second onion in half .
the person sliced each half .
before dicing the slices .
the person took a second plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a second plate on the counter .
the person scraped the diced onion from the cutting board onto this plate .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of drawers .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard and two onions out of the pantry .
the person cut the ends off of the onions .
the person peeled the skins with the knife .
the person put the onion ended ans skins on the plate .
the person cut the onions into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person took another plate out of the cupboard .
the person put the onion pieces on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person retrieved two onions from a cupboard .
the person removed the outer skin from both onions with the knife and his fingers .
the person cut both onions into small pieces .
the person retrieved a bowl from a cupboard .
the person placed the sliced onion into a bowl .
the person got out a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person put a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took out a plate and two onions from the cabinet .
the person cut off the ends of the onions .
the person put the ends of the onions on the plate .
the person peeled the onions .
the person put the peelings on the plate .
the person chopped the onions up into small pieces .
the person got another plate from the cabinet .
the person put the chopped onion on the plate .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person also took a knife .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person opened the pantry .
the person got two onions .
the person put the onions on a plate .
the person cut some of a onion .
the person peeled the onions on the chopping board .
the person did the same thing to the other onion .
the person cut both of the onions .
the person the diced the onions .
the person got another plate out of the cabinet .
the person put the onions on the other plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed the cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person removed two onions from the cabinet .
the person peeled the onions on the chopping board .
the person allowed the peels to fall onto the plate .
the person sliced the onions on the cutting board .
the person sliced up the other onion .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the onions on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a cutting board and a straight-edged knife from drawers .
the person got a plate and two onions from the cupboards .
the person cut one of the onion twice .
the person peeled the onion .
the person put the discarded peels on the plate .
the person cut the other onion more .
before peeling the other onion .
the person halved the onions .
half by half , the person diced the onions .
the person retrieved another plate .
the person moved the chopped onions to another plate plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a cutting board from a drawer .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person took a plate out of one cupboard .
a onions out of the other cupboard .
the person placed the onions in the plate .
the person placed the plate on the counter .
the person cut off the ends of the onions .
the person peeled off the skins .
the person placed the skins in the plate .
the person placed the onions on the cutting board , .
the person sliced the onions .
the person diced the onions on the cutting board .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person scrapped the onions into the plate with the knife .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed two onions and a plate from the cabinet .
the person peeled the onions .
the person cut the onions into many slices .
the person diced these slices into small pieces .
the person removed another plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the diced onions onto the plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person got two onions from a cabinet .
the person peeled the onions over the cutting board .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took a plate and two onions from the cabinet .
the person peeled the onions on the chopping board .
the person put the peelings on the plate .
the person sliced two onions .
the person diced the two onions .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person transferred the onion diced to the plate .
the person placed the knife back on the cutting board .
the person stepped back from the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of chillis from the refrigerator .
the person took one chilli from the bag .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person chopped the chilli on the cutting board .
the person threw the stem into the waste bin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a chili pepper .
the person opened the drawer .
the person got a knife and board .
the person cut the chili pepper into small pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator , .
the person took out a bag of chili peppers .
the person took out a bag of chili peppers .
the person put the bag back into the refrigerator .
the person walked over to the front of the kitchen , .
the person opened one of the lower drawers .
the person pulled out a small cutting board , .
the person closed the drawer .
the person opened the top drawer .
the person pulled out a knife , .
the person closed this drawer as well .
the person proceeded to chop the pepper into small pieces .
the person arranged the pieces into a pile , .
the person put laid the knife to a pile .
the person open up the trash can , .
the person threw away the pepper 's stem .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a chilli pepper out the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person chopped the chilli pepper into little pieces .
the person tossed the leftover chilli pieces into the garbage .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a bag with chilies .
the person removed one chili .
the person put the bag back in the fridge .
the person got out a small cutting board .
the person put a small cutting board on the counter .
the person also got out a chef 's knife .
the person chopped the chili lengthwise until it was in small pieces .
the person threw away the end part of the chili .
the person took one long , red chilli out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a small cutting board and a chopper .
the person placed the chili on the cutting board .
the person chopped the chilli into very thin discs .
the person discarded the stem in the end .
the person removed a chilli from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut the stem from the chilli .
the person sliced the chilli .
the person thew the stem into the garbage .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a bag of chilies .
the person took out one chili .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut off the ends of the chili .
the person finely sliced the chili .
the person moved the chili slices around with the knife .
the person disposed of the chili end .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got a carrot .
the person carried the carrot to another counter .
the person got a cutting board from the drawer .
the person placed the cutting board on the counter .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the top off the carrot .
the person turned the carrot around .
the person sliced the carrot into thin slices .
the person threw the carrot top into the trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a bag of chilies from the refrigerator .
the person took one of the chilies out of the bag .
the person placed the rest of the chilies back into the refrigerator .
the person took out a small cutting board and knife from a drawer under the counter .
the person placed the chili on the cutting board .
the person chopped the chili into fairly small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a chili pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out of the drawer .
the person chopped the chili pepper .
the person removed a chili from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person placed the chili on the cutting board .
the person sliced the chili into many small pieces .
the person threw the stem of the chili in the garbage .
the person removed a bag of chilies from the refrigerator .
the person took one chili pepper out of the bag .
the person put the rest back in the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a knife out of another drawer .
the person began slicing the chili pepper into small pieces .
the person threw the top of the chili pepper away .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a chili pepper from a bag , .
well as a cutting board and knife .
the person finely diced the chili , up to the stem .
the person threw out the stem .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person headed for the refrigerator .
the person took out a plastic bag full of chili peppers .
the person unwrapped the bag .
the person took out one chili .
the person returned the plastic bag to the fridge , .
the person moved to the kitchen counter .
the person took out a chopping board .
the person selected a chopping knife .
the person used the board and the knife to trim the ends off the chili pepper .
the person very finely chopped the chili peppers in a meticulous manner .
the person discarded the trimmed ends of the chili pepper in the garbage .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a bag of red chili peppers from the fridge .
the person removed one red chili pepper .
the person put the rest back in the fridge .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife from two separate drawers .
the person finely chopped the chili pepper .
the person wiped the pieces stuck to knife off onto the cutting board .
the person threw away the stem .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a chili from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from under the counter .
the person diced the chili into small pieces .
the person threw away the top of the chili .
the person got a chili from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person chopped the chili on the cutting board .
the person threw the chili stem in a trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person selected a chili from the bunch .
the person placed the rest back into the refrigerator .
the person closed the refrigerator .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person opened the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person closed the drawer .
the person placed the chili on the cutting board .
the person sliced the chili .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed chilli peppers from the fridge .
the person selected one chilli .
the person placed the rest back into the fridge .
the person chopped up the length of the chilli pepper .
the person piled the chilli pieces on the cutting board .
the person placed some hot-dogs , buns and ketchup on the counter .
the person placed a pot of water on the stove .
the person placed some buns on the cutting board .
the person placed one bun back into the bag .
the person put the bag away .
the person placed some hot-dogs in the hot water .
the person warmed the buns up .
the person placed the jar of hot-dogs back in the fridge .
the person placed two plates on the counter .
the person cut the buns open .
the person added ketchup to the buns .
the person added the hot-dogs to the buns .
the person added mustard to the buns .
the person placed the mustard and ketchup back in the fridge .
the person searched through the cabinets .
until the person found a bag of buns , a jar of hot dogs , and bottle of ketchup .
the person put all of these on the counter .
the person turned on the wall oven , .
the person removed a rack from the cabinet , .
the person installed a rack in the oven .
the person got out a large pot , .
the person filled a large pot with water , .
the person put a large pot on the stove , .
the person covered a large pot with a lid .
the person removed an item from the refrigerator .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut open the bag .
the person removed three hot dog buns .
the person returned the rest to the cupboard .
the person opened one of the jars , .
the person retrieved the bag of buns from the cupboard .
the person put one of the buns on the cutting board back in .
once the water in the pan was hot , the person added two hot dogs .
the person put the buns into the oven .
the person put the remaining hot dogs in the fridge .
the person took two plates from the cupboard .
the person looked at the spice rack , .
the person fiddled with the ketchup bottle , .
the person exchanged one of the plates for another one in the cabinet .
the person pulled the warmed buns from the oven .
the person cut the warmed buns open on the cutting board .
the person added some ketchup to each bun .
the person put each of the cooked hot dogs in a bun , .
the person added something from a tube , and more ketchup .
the person put the hot dogs on separate plates .
the person put away the condiments .
the person gathered a bag of hot dog buns , a ketchup container , and a jar of hot dogs .
the person gathered a pot from .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took a tube of mustard from the refrigerator .
the person placed three hot dog buns on a cutting board .
the person placed two hot dogs into the pot .
the person placed the hot dog buns in the oven to toast the buns .
the person spoke with someone off-camera .
the person took the toasted buns out of the oven .
the person sliced the toasted buns .
the person added ketchup to each bun .
the person placed a cooked hot dogs in a bun .
the person added mustard and ketchup to the first the bun .
the person placed both hot dogs onto a plate .
the person placed the other hot dog in a bun .
the person added ketchup and mustard to the second hot dog .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected hotdog buns , catsup and a jar of hotdogs from the cabinet .
the person put a wire rack in the oven .
the person filled a small pot about half full with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person pulled a tube of mustard from the refrigerator .
the person put two hotdog buns on a cutting board .
the person opened the hotdogs .
the person added two hotdogs to the pot .
the person put the two buns on the rack in the oven .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person put the remaining hotdogs in the refrigerator .
the person pulled two plates from the cabinet the hotdogs and buns cooked .
the person pulled the buns from the oven .
carefully sliced the buns almost all the way through lengthwise .
the person put catsup in each bun .
the person added a hotdog to each bun .
the person topped the hotdogs with mustard and another layer of catsup .
the person put hotdogs on each plate .
the person got out a package of buns , bottle of ketchup and jar of hot-dogs .
the person took a rack from the cabinet .
the person put a rack in the oven .
the person got out a pot with a lid , .
put water in a pot .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person put the lid on the pot .
the person got out mustard , a fork , cutting board and knife .
the person cut open the package of buns , .
the person placed three buns on the cutting board .
the person put the package back in the cabinet .
the person got the package back out , .
the person put one bun back in the package .
the person put the package back up .
the person put two hot-dogs in the water .
the person put the two buns in the oven .
the person put the hot-dogs in the refrigerator .
the person got two plates .
the person opened the ketchup , .
the person took the protective seal off .
the person threw the protective seal in the garbage .
the person got the buns out of the oven , .
the person put the buns on the cutting board .
the person sliced the buns open .
the person put a hot-dog in each bun with ketchup and mustard .
the person put a hot-dog on each plate .
the person put the mustard and ketchup back in the refrigerator .
the person opened the pantry , .
the person got some buns , a jar of weiners , and ketchup .
the person preheated the oven , .
the person opened the pantry , .
a got a oven rack .
the person put the oven rack in the oven .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a pot .
the person put some water in the pot .
the person put the pot on stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got the mustard .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person got a cutting board , and a knife .
the person got three buns .
the person opened the jar of weiners .
the person got a fork .
the person took one bun back .
the person put two weiners in the pot .
the person put the buns in the oven .
the person got buns out of the oven .
the person made hotdogs , .
the person put the hotdogs on plates .
the person took buns and hotdogs out of the cabinet .
the person turned on the oven .
the person took a cooking pan out of the cabinet .
the person put the pan into the oven .
the person took a pot out of the cabinet .
the person put water into the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put a lid onto the pot .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person prepared the hot dog buns .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some hot dogs , buns , and ketchup .
the person got an oven pan .
the person put an oven pan in the oven .
the person got a pot , .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person got some mustard from the fridge and a cutting board from under the counter .
the person put three buns on the cutting board .
the person put the rest away .
the person went back .
the person put one of the buns back .
the person put two hot dogs in the pot and the two buns in the oven .
the person put away the leftover hot dogs .
the person got two plates from the pantry .
the person talked to someone off camera .
the person took the seal off the ketchup .
the person checked the buns .
the person got the buns out of the oven .
the person sliced the buns .
the person added ketchup and mustard to each bun .
the person put a hot dog in each bun .
the person put the hot dogs on the plate .
the person put away the ketchup and mustard .
the person gathered the hot dogs , the buns , ketchup on top of the counter top .
the person turned on the oven .
the person put a covered pot of water on the stove .
the person added mustard to the counter top .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter top .
the person placed three hot dog buns on a cutting board .
the person put away a hot dog bun .
the person added two hot dogs to the pot of water .
the person added two plates to the counter top .
the person opened the ketchup .
the person switched one of the plates for a new one .
the person took the hot dog buns out of the oven .
the person cut the hot dog buns on the cutting board .
the person added ketchup to both hot dog buns .
the person placed one cooked hot dog inside a hot dog bun .
the person squeezed mustard on top of the hot dog .
the person put the hot dog on a plate .
the person took a jar of hot dogs , ketchup , and a bag of buns out of the pantry .
the person took an oven rack out of the pantry .
the person placed an oven rack in the oven .
the person took a pot out of a drawer .
the person poured water in a pot from the sink .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took some mustard out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person placed three buns on the cutting board .
the person put the leftover bun back in the pantry .
the person put one of the buns on the cutting board back in the pantry with the other .
the person put two hot dogs in the pot with the water .
the person put the buns in the oven and the rest of the hot dogs in the refrigerator .
the person took a plate out of the cupboard .
the person took the buns out of the oven .
the person cut the buns on the cutting board .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the buns .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns .
the person put the hot dogs on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled hot-dogs , bread , and ketchup out of the cabinet .
the person placed a rack inside the mini oven .
the person poured water into a pot .
the person placed a pot on a stove .
the person placed two hot-dogs into the pot of water .
the person placed the hot-dog buns inside the mini oven .
the person pulled a plate out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the hot-dog buns open .
the person squirted ketchup onto the hot-dogs .
the person placed the cooked hot-dogs into the bun .
the person squirted ketchup onto the hot-dogs .
the person placed the hot-dogs onto the plates .
the person got some hot-dogs , buns and ketchup from a cabinet .
the person turned on the oven .
the person removed a pot from the cabinet .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person removed some mustard from the refrigerator .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person placed to hot-dogs in the pot .
the person placed to buns in the oven .
the person retrieved some plates from the cabinet .
the person cut the buns .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the buns .
the person put the hot-dogs on the buns .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person looked in the refrigerator and cabinets .
the person took from a cabinet a jar of hot dogs , buns and ketchup .
the person put a wire rack in the oven .
amd put a pot of water on the stove .
the person took mustard from the refrigerator .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person took out three buns .
the person placed three buns on a cutting board .
the person put one bun back .
the person looked inside the refrigerator .
the person spoke to someone in front of him .
the person put two hot dogs into the pot and the buns into the oven .
the person put a plate onto the counter .
the person talked to someone in front of him .
the person took the buns out of the oven .
the person sliced the buns .
the person put the hot dogs inside the buns with ketchup and mustard .
the person put the hot dogs on two plates .
the person turned off the stove .
the person got a jar of hotdogs , ketchup , and buns from a refrigerator .
the person turned the oven on .
the person put a rack in a oven .
the person got a stock pot .
the person filled a stock pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person got mustard from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person put two hotdogs in the water .
the person put the buns in the oven .
the person got the buns out of the oven .
the person sliced open the buns .
the person put ketchup in the bottom of the buns .
the person put the hotdogs on the buns .
the person put the mustard on top of the buns .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the hot dog buns , hot dogs , and ketchup from the pantry .
the person turned on the oven .
the person got a saucepan and lid from the cabinet .
the person filled the saucepan halfway with water , .
the person placed the saucepan on the stove top .
the person took the mustard from the refrigerator .
the person placed two hot dogs into the boiling water .
the person placed the hot dog buns into the preheated oven .
the person covered hot dogs in the saucepan with the lid .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed the hot dog buns from the oven .
the person cut the buns in half lengthwise .
the person put ketchup on each of the buns .
the person removed the hot dogs from the boiling water .
the person placed the hot dogs on the buns .
the person added mustard to the hot dogs .
once the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person began to sort through the cupboards , .
the person looked for the ingredients he was .
the person selected a jar of hotdogs , some ketchup , and a new roll of buns .
the person grabbed a pot .
the person filled this pot full of water , .
the person put the pot on the oven .
the person pulled out three hotdog buns .
the person set three hotdog buns down on the cutting board .
a little more cupboard searching , .
the person put one of the buns away .
the person put two of the hotdogs into the water .
the person put the buns into the oven .
the person pulled out two plates , .
all someone continued to talk to him .
the person sorted the spices , .
the person threw away the seal on the ketchup , .
some time , the person pulled the buns out .
the person cut the buns open .
the person put the ketchup in the bun first .
the person put one of the hotdogs in the bun , .
the person added more ketchup and some mustard .
the person did the same with the second hotdog , .
the person put the ketchup and mustard away .
the person turned off the oven .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a jar of hot-dogs , rolls and ketchup out of the cabinet .
the person took a pot out , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person took mustard out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person opened the bag of rolls .
the person took out three rolls .
the person put one roll back .
the person put two hot-dogs into the pot of water .
the person put the rolls in the oven to warm the rolls .
the person put the hot-dogs away .
the person took two plates out of the cabinet .
the person took the rolls out done .
the person sliced the rolls .
the person put ketchup on the rolls .
the person put the cooked hot-dogs on the rolls .
the person put mustard and ketchup on the cooked hot-dogs .
the person put the hot-dogs on the plates .
the person put the ketchup and mustard away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out condiments and hot dog buns .
the person put a rack into the oven .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person put two hot dogs into the pot .
the person put the hot dog buns into the oven .
the person opened the ketchup .
the person cut the buns in half .
the person put the hot dogs into the buns .
the person added mustard and ketchup .
the person put the hot dogs and buns onto plates .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out buns and condiments .
the person put something in a microwave .
the person also got out a pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person opened the buns .
the person pulled out three buns , .
the person put the buns away .
the person opened a jar .
the person got out a spoon .
the person paused .
the person put one bun away .
the person got two hotdogs from a jar .
the person put two hotdogs in the pot .
the person put the buns in the microwave .
the person put the hotdog jar away .
the person got out a plate from the cabinet .
the person checked the hotdogs .
the person opened a jar of catsup .
the person turned a jar of catsup upside down .
the person checked the buns and hotdogs .
the person got out a second plate .
the person got the buns from the microwave .
the person sliced open the buns .
the person put condiments in the buns .
the person put the hotdogs in each bun .
the person removed hot dogs and ketchup from the refrigerator .
the person also removed hot dog buns from the cabinet .
the person removed a pot from the drawer .
the person filled pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person took mustard out of the refrigerator .
the person removed two hot dog buns from the bag .
the person placed two hot dogs in the pot .
the person placed the hot dog buns in the oven .
the person took out two plates from the cabinet .
the person cut open both buns .
the person put ketchup inside each bun .
the person put a hot dog in each bun .
the person added ketchup and mustard .
the person took out an onion out the fridge .
the person peeled the onion .
the person chopped the onion using a knife .
the person cleaned herself .
the person threw the onion skin in the garbage .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , two knives , a bowl and an onion .
the person cut the top of the onion off , .
the person placed the top of the onion in the bowl .
the person peeled the skin off the onion , .
the person discarded the skin of the onion into the bowl .
the person washed the onion in the sink , .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person sliced each half of the onion in both directions to dice each half of the onion .
the person washed both knives .
the person threw out the onion peeled .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion out of a cabinet .
the person took out a wooden cutting board and two different sizes of knives .
the person took out a small metal bowl .
the person put a small metal bowl on the counter .
the person used the smaller knife , he peeled the onion .
the person allowed the pieces of the skin to drop in the bowl .
the person finished , he washed the onion using water from the sink .
the person put the onion on the cutting board .
the person used the bigger knife , he cut the onion in half .
the person rinsed off the smaller knife .
the person used the smaller knife to cut one half of the onion into slices .
the person used the larger knife to dice the onion .
the person pushed those pieces aside .
the person was finished , he rinsed the two knives in the sink .
the person threw away the onion skin in the trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board and two knives from the drawer .
the person peeled the onion into a steel bowl .
the person rinsed the peeled onion .
the person cut the peeled onion in half on the board .
the person diced the onion on the board .
the person rinsed both knives in the sink .
the person discarded the onion skin into the garbage bin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the cabinet .
the person put a cutting board , two knives , and a bowl on the counter .
the person used the smaller knife to take the skin off the onion .
the person put the skin in the bowl .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person chopped the onion using the two knives on the cutting board .
the person rinsed the knives .
the person threw away the onion skin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a small yellow onion from the cupboard in the back .
the person put the onion on the counter .
the person took a round wooden cutting board , two knives , and a small stainless steel bowl from drawers under the counter .
the person started from one end , he used the smaller knife to peel the onion .
the person carefully removed only the outer layers of skin .
the person finished peeling the onion , .
the person dropped the outer layers of skin in the bowl .
the person rinsed the onion in the sink .
the person put the onion on the cutting board .
the person used the larger knife to cut the onion in half .
with the smaller knife , the person made several cut along the length of the onion .
the person used the larger knife to make cut in the opposite direction .
the person rinsed the knives in the sink .
the person threw away the onion skin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the cupboard .
the person placed the onion on the counter .
the person removed two knives , a cutting board , and a metal bowl from the drawer .
the person used the small knife to peel the skin off of the onion .
the person rinsed the onion in the sink .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person sliced the half of the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person proceeded to dice the second half of the onion .
the person rinsed his knives in the sink .
the person dumped the onion skins from the metal bowl into the trash bin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved an onion from the pantry .
the person took out a cutting board from the drawer .
the person also removed two knives and a bowl from the drawer .
the person peeled the onion .
the person placed the skin in the bowl .
the person washed the onion .
the person chopped the onion in half .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person washed the knives .
the person threw the onion skins in the trash .
the person opened the pantry .
the person removed a onion .
the person placed the onion on the counter .
the person opened the drawers below the counter .
the person removed a cutting board , and a knife .
the person also removed a bowl and a smaller paring knife .
the person peeled the onion with the paring knife .
the person dropped the skin into the bowl .
the person rinsed the onion off under running water .
the person cut the onion in half with the larger knife , .
the person used the smaller knife and sliced each half into slices .
the person kept the sliced onion together as a whole , .
the person turned the sliced onion around ninety degrees .
the person sliced the sliced onion again , into small pieces .
the person washed his hands .
the person rinsed off both knives .
the person set the both knives aside .
the person took out an onion , a cutting board and two knives .
the person took out a bowl .
the person chopped off the two ends of the onion .
with the smaller knife , peeled the skin off the onion .
the person washed the onion .
with the big knife , made one cut in the center .
the person took one half .
with the smaller knife , sliced the onion vertically , into fine slices .
with the big knife , the person chopped the same half onion horizontally , .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet up .
the person removed an onion .
the person set an onion down on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board , and a bowl .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed two knives .
the person peeled the onion over the bowl .
the person turned the sink on , .
the person rinsed off the onion .
the person turned the sink off .
the person sat the onion down on the cutting board .
the person chopped the onion up with the knife .
the person turned on the sink , .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person turned off the sink .
the person took an onion from the cabinet .
the person placed an onion on the counter along with a cutting board .
the person got two knives and a metal bowl from the drawer .
the person put two knives and a metal bowl on the counter .
the person cut the end off of the onion with the small knife .
the person peeled the skin off of the onion into the bowl .
the person rinsed the onion in the sink .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person cut the onion in half with the large knife .
the person cut one half of the onion lengthwise into strips with the small knife .
the person cut the strips along the width to dice the onion .
the person diced the other half of the onion in the same way .
the person washed the knives .
the person discarded the peel in the garbage can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an onion out of the cabinet .
the person took out two knives , a cutting board and a bowl .
the person peeled the onion into the bowl .
the person washed the onion in the sink .
the person diced the onion on the cutting board .
the person washed the knives in the sink .
the person threw out the onion peeled .
the person got an onion from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board , two knives , and a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person peeled the onion with a pairing knife .
the person put the peels in the meal bowl .
the person washed the onion .
the person halved the onion with the bigger knife .
the person sliced the onion lengthwise with the smaller knife .
the person cut the onion horizontally with the bigger knife .
the person washed his hands and the knives in a sink .
the person dumped the onion peeled in the trash .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person got a cutting board , some knifes and a bowl from a drawer .
the person peeled the onion into the bowl .
the person sliced the onion in half .
the person sliced the half in one direction in the opposite direction .
the person washed the knifes .
the person threw away the peels .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person picked up a onion from the cupboard .
the person took a cutting , board , a big knife , a small knife and a metal bowl .
the person peeled the onion in to metal bowl using the small knife .
the person washed the onion .
the person sliced the onion in to two half using the big knife .
the person cleaned the small knife .
the person sliced the onion .
the person used the big knife and chopped the onion , .
the person cleaned the knifes .
the person threw away the onion peel to the trash .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person retrieved an onion from a pantry .
the person walked to a kitchen counter .
beneath the kitchen counter , retrieved a chopping board and two different sized paring knives .
the person also took out a mixing bowl .
the person spent an inordinate amount of time taking the skin off the onions , .
the person washed the onion .
the person placed the onion untoed the chopping board .
the person used the large paring knife , he cut the onion in half .
the person used the smaller pare to slice each half of the onion .
switching again to the larger paring knife , the person diced both halves of the sliced onions .
the person finished off by washing both paring knives .
the person reached into the garbage to dispose of the onion skins .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an onion out of the cabinet .
the person got out a cutting board and two knives from a drawer .
the person took the skin off the onion using the paring knife .
the person washed the onion in the sink .
the person cut the onion into slices .
the person diced the onion .
the person threw away the onion skin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out an onion and a cutting board .
the person also took out a metal bowl .
the person peeled the onion into the bowl .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person diced the onion into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took two bowled from the cupboard .
the person placed two bowled on the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person broke the egg .
the person transferred the inner part from the egg to the bowl .
the person put the outer shell of egg in a dustbin .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person wiped his hands with a cloth .
the person went out of the kitchen .
the person got two small plates from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from a refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg on the side of the plate .
the person separated the egg yolk and the whites on each plate .
the person put the egg shell in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands in a sink .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took two bowled from the cupboard .
the person placed two bowled on the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person broke the egg .
the person transferred the inner part from the egg to the bowl .
the person put the outer shell of egg in a dustbin .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person wiped his hands with a cloth .
the person went out of the kitchen .
the person got two bowled from the cupboard .
the person got an egg .
the person cracked the egg on one bowl .
the person used the shells to separate the yolk .
the person moved the yolk from one half of the shell to the other .
the person put the yolk in one bowl and the whites in the other .
the person discarded the egg shells .
the person took two small bowled out of the cupboard .
the person took and egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg .
the person placed the egg white in one bowl .
the yolk in the other bowl .
the person threw the egg shell in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled two plates out the cabinet .
the person person pulled an egg out the fridge .
the person cracked the egg in half .
the person poured the egg yolk onto both plates .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took two bowled from the cupboard .
the person placed two bowled on the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person broke the egg .
the person transferred the inner part from the egg to the bowl .
the person put the outer shell of egg in a dustbin .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person wiped his hands with a cloth .
the person went out of the kitchen .
the person removed two bowled from the cabinet .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg on one bowl .
the person placed the egg whites in one bowl .
the person placed the yolk in the other bowl .
the person threw the egg shell in the garbage .
the person wiped his hands on the towel .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plate out of the cabinet .
the person moved to the refrigerator .
the person got an egg .
at the plate , the person broke the egg .
the person began to separate the white form the yolk .
the person put the yolk on a separate plate .
the person threw the shell away .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person left the room .
the person entered the kitchen .
from a cupboard , the person retrieved two small , white dishes .
the person took a single , brown egg from a compartment inside the fridge door .
the person returned to the counter .
the person cracked open the egg by tapping the egg once on the edge of one of the dishes .
the person separated the shell with his thumbs .
the person separated an egg carefully using its shell .
the person passed the yolk back and forth between the halves of the shell five times until all the white had dripped into the dish below .
the person dropped the yolk into the second dish .
the person threw the egg shell into the trash .
the person rinsed his hands in the kitchen sink , .
the person shook the excess water off of the hands , .
the person dried his hands on a tea towel , .
the person left the kitchen .
the person entered into the kitchen room .
the person opened the shelf .
the person took two bowled from the shelf .
the person placed these bowled on the prep area .
the person opened the the refrigerator .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person broke the shell .
the person poured the white yolk in one bowl .
the person poured the yellow yolk separately into the other bowl .
the person put outershell of the egg in a dustbin .
the person washed his hands in a sink .
the person wiped his hands with a cloth .
the person left the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two small bowled from the pantry .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person cracked the egg .
the person used the shell to separate the white into one bowl and yolk into another .
the person threw away the shell .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two bowled from the cabinet .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg over a bowl .
the person carefully dumped the raw egg from shell to shell .
the person let the white of the egg fall into one bowl .
the person put the yolk of the egg into the other bowl .
the person removed two bowled from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg white into one bowl .
the person placed the egg yolk into the other bowl .
the person washed his hands .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took two dishes from the cabinet .
the person placed the dishes on the counter .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person separated an egg , .
the person put the white in one dish and the yolk in the other dish .
the person threw the shell into the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person left the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed two bowled from the cabinet .
the person placed the plates on the counter .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed an egg .
the person took the egg to the counter .
the person cracked the egg .
the person drained the white into one bowl .
the person placed the yolk on the other .
the person tossed the shell into the trash can .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person dried his hands off using the towel .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person opened the cupboard .
the person took two bowled from the cupboard .
the person placed two bowled on the prep area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person broke the egg .
the person extracted the yolk fom the egg to the bowl .
the person put the outer shell of egg in a dustbin .
the person washed his hands in the sink .
the person wiped his hands in a cloth .
the person went out of the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed two bowled from a cabinet .
the person took out an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg on one of the bowled .
the person poured the egg-whites in one bowl .
the person poured the yolk in the other bowl .
the person threw the eggshells in the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person exited the kitchen .
the person grabbed some dishes .
the person opened the fridge .
the person grabbed an egg from the fridge .
the person cracked the egg in half .
the person carefully placed the yolk of the egg onto one of the plates .
the person threw the egg shell in the trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person exited the room .
the person took two bowled from a kitchen cupboard .
the person placed two bowled side by side on the counter .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person tapped the egg on the edge of the bow , .
the person cracked the shell .
the person carefully opened the egg .
the person used one of the eggshell halves to cup the yolk , he let the egg white slip into the bowl .
separated anymore egg white from the yolk by putting the yolk into the other eggshell half .
the person used one of the eggshell halves to cup the yolk , he let the egg white slip into the bowl .
separated anymore egg white from the yolk by putting the yolk into the other eggshell half .
the person used one of the eggshell halves to cup the yolk , he let the egg white slip into the bowl .
separated anymore egg white from the yolk by putting the yolk into the other eggshell half .
the person placed only the yolk into the other bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out two carrots .
the person took out a metal bowl .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person washed the carrots in the sink .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the carrots into small pieces .
the person took out a skillet and seasonings .
the person put oil in the skillet .
the person put the carrot into the skillet and seasoned .
the person stirred the carrots with a wooden spatula .
the person took out more seasonings .
the person added the additional seasonings to the carrot .
the person cleaned the kitchen .
the person put the cooked carrot into a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two carrots , a bowl and cutting board .
the person washed the carrots .
the person placed the carrots in the bowl , .
the person took out a knife .
the person cut the top and bottom off of one carrot , .
the person diced both carrots , .
diced one carrot into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces back in the bowl .
the person washed the knife , .
the person took out a pan .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person took out a bottle of olive oil and spatula .
the person poured some oil in the pan , .
the person poured the carrots in as well .
the person added some salt and pepper .
the person stirred the carrots .
the person stirred the carrots constantly .
the person took out a jar of spice .
the person added a spoonful of spice to the pan .
the person removed the pan from the stove .
the person poured the carrots into the bowl .
the person washed the pan and spatula .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person took two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person gathered a knife and cutting board .
the person rinsed the carrots .
the person placed the carrots in a metal bowl .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person placed the carrot sliced back into the bowl .
the person rinsed the knife and the chopping board in the sink .
the person turned on the stove .
the person placed a pan on the burner .
the person retrieved a bottle of oil .
the person poured some oil on to the pan .
the person placed the carrots in the pan .
the person added seasonings to the carrot .
the person stirred the carrots with a spatula until the carrots were cooked .
the person placed the carrots back in the bowl .
the person washed the pan and the spatula .
the person put the cooking utensils away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and bowl out of the drawer .
the person washed the carrots .
the person put the carrots in the bowl .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the carrots into rounds .
the person put the carrots in the bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person took a frying pan out of the drawer .
the person took some oil out of the cabinet and a wooden spoon out of the drawer .
the person put some oil in the pan .
the person cooked the carrots .
the person put the bottle of oil away in the cabinet .
the person put the carrots in the pan .
the person put salt and pepper on the carrots .
the person put some spices in the pan .
the person threw the debris in the garbage pail .
the person washed up .
the person put the cooked carrots into the bowl .
the person washed the frying pan .
upon entering the kitchen , .
the person rinsed his right hand at the sink .
the person took two carrots , a bowl , a small cutting board , and a knife .
the person put the carrots in the bowl .
the person sliced a carrot on the board .
the person cut many of the slices into three sections each .
the person sliced a second carrot .
the person poured these segments in the bowl .
the person added these carrot chunks to the rest in the bowl .
the person placed a pan on the fired up stove .
the person put the carrots in an oiled pan .
the person added salt , maybe , and two other condiments to the carrots .
the person stirred the carrots often as they cooked .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person poured the cooked carrots back into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person rinsed his hands off in the sink .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got out two carrots .
the person got a bowl and a cutting board out .
the person washed the carrots in the sink , .
the person put the carrots into the bowl .
the person got out a small paring knife .
the person took one carrot from the bowl .
the person cut the ends off .
the person sliced the carrot up .
the person chopped the pieces smaller .
the person poured the pieces into the bowl , .
the person took the other carrot out .
the person chopped the second carrot up .
the person rinsed off the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person turned on the range .
the person got out a skillet .
the person went to the cupboard to get oil and a wooden spatula , .
the person poured the oil into the pan .
the person got out seasonings , .
the person poured the carrots into the hot pan , .
seasoned the carrots .
the person added something from a jar in the cupboard , .
the person threw away the refuse .
the person poured the cooked carrots into the bowl .
the person washed up the utensils and pan , .
the person washed his fingers .
the person retrieved two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person took out a small metal bowl and cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed off the carrots .
carefully sliced the carrots with a knife .
the person placed these pieces into the bowl .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person put the knife back .
the person obtained a pan from the drawer and some olive oil from the cupboard .
the person poured some olive oil into the pan .
the person put the cut carrots into the pan .
the person seasoned the carrots .
the person continued to stir with the spatula .
the person spooned some minced garlic into the pan .
the person took the pan off of the stove .
the person cleaned his work space and tools .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person poured the cooked carrots back into the small metal bowl .
the person washed the pan in the sink .
the person put the pan back into the drawer .
the person put the cutting board back into storage .
the person cleaned the spatula .
the person washed his hands .
the person grabbed some carrots from the fridge .
the person removed a bowl and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the carrots .
the person placed the carrots in a bowl .
the person chopped the carrots on a cutting board .
the person added some liquid to a hot skillet .
the person added the seasoning and the carrots to the skillet .
the person stirred the carrots .
the person took the carrots off the stove .
the person cleaned up again .
the person washed his hands .
the person put the cooked carrots in a bowl .
the person washed his utensils .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person rinsed his hand .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got two carrots .
the person got a bowl and cutting board .
the person washed the carrots .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the carrots with the knife .
the person put the cut carrot into the bowl .
the person washed the board and knife .
the person took a pan from under the stove .
the person added some oil .
the person got some spices .
the person put the carrot in the pan .
the person added spices to the carrots they cooked .
the person added some garlic to the carrots .
the person cleaned the kitchen .
the person put the carrot in the bowl .
the person removed two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person got a bowl and cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed the carrots .
the person removed a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person put the slices into the bowl .
the person retrieved a pan from a drawer .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person got some oil from the cabinet .
the person got a spatula from a drawer .
the person put the oil and the carrots in the pan .
the person added seasoning .
the person stirred the carrots .
the person stirred the carrots cooked .
the person got some garlic from the cabinet .
the person added some garlic to the carrots .
the person washed the spoon .
the person placed the spoon back in the drawer .
the person put the cooked carrots back into the bowl .
the person washed the pan .
the person put the pan away .
the person put the cutting board away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
from the fridge the person got two carrots , .
the person took a cutting board and a knife out .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter with a bowl .
the person sliced the carrots into rounds .
the person stacked a few rounds at a time .
the person proceeded to chop the stacks .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put an oil-filled pan on the stove .
the person prepared spices , .
the person messily added the carrots and spices to the pan .
the person stirred continuously .
the person rummaged in the pantry , .
the person added a spoonful of some paste to the pan .
the person took the pan off the stove , .
the person cleaned up , .
the person put the carrots back into the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved two carrots , a bowl , a cutting board .
the person rinsed the carrots .
the person placed the carrots in the bowl .
the person grabbed a small knife .
the person began cutting the carrot into rounds .
the person removeeed the tip and stem .
the person set the tip and stem away .
the person rinseeed the cutting board .
the person turned the stove top on .
the person retreaved a pan .
the person grabbed a spoon , .
the person added a small amount of oil .
the person grabbed a few spices .
the person placed the carrot rounds in the pan .
the person sprinkled the seasonings lightly whilst stirring .
the person removed the pan from heat .
the person placed the cooked carrots in the small bowl from earlyer .
the person cleaned his tools .
the person put the tools away .
the person removed two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person removed a bowl and cutting board from the drawer .
the person rinsed the carrots in the sink .
the person placed the carrots in the bowl .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the carrots into pieces .
the person placed the sliced pieces into the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person took out a pan .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person took oil from the cabinet .
the person poured some in the pan .
the person put the carrots into the pan .
the person added spices to to pan .
the person mixed the carrots with a wooden utensil .
the person put the cooked carrots in the bowl .
the person washed the pan and cutting board .
the person put the pan and cutting board in the drawer .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed carrots out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife out the drawer .
the person rinsed the carrots using the sink .
the person sliced the carrots on the cutting board .
the person placed the carrots into a bowl .
the person grabbed a frying pan .
the person placed a frying pan on the stove .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person placed the cooked carrots into the silver bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person rinsed his hand in the sink .
the person took two carrots out of the fridge .
the person grabbed a bowl and a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person put a bowl and a cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed the carrots .
the person put the carrots in the bowl .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
cuts each carrot into rounds .
the person scraped each carrot into the bowl using the knife .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person got a skillet and some oil .
the person oils the pan , .
the person put the oil away .
the person grabbed some spices .
the person added the carrots .
the person stirred with a wooden spoon .
the person stirred the carrots .
the person added some sauce -lrb- ? -rrb- .
the person took the skillet .
the person put the skillet on the cutting board .
the person scraped the carrots into the bowl .
the person washed the utensils he used .
the person washed the skillet .
the person put his tools away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some carrots from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and bowl from under the counter .
the person rinsed the carrots .
the person got a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the carrots into small pieces .
the person cut the carrot up .
the person put the pieces in the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person put the knife away .
the person turned on the stove .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person got some olive oil from the pantry and a spatula from the drawer .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person put the bottle of oil back in the pantry .
the person added the carrots to the pan .
the person added seasoning .
the person put away the seasoning .
the person stirred the carrots .
the person stirred some more .
the person added some more seasoning to the carrots .
the person took the carrots off the heat .
the person washed a spoon .
the person put a spoon away .
the person poured the carrots from the pan to the bowl .
the person washed the pan .
the person put away the pan and cutting board .
the person washed the spatula .
the person got a carrot from a refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board , knife , and a metal bowl from a drawer .
the person put the carrot in the bowl .
the person diced the carrot .
the person put the carrot in the bowl .
the person got a frying pan from a drawer .
the person put oil in the pan .
the person put the carrots in the frying pan .
the person added salt to the carrots .
the person put the carrot scraps in a trash can .
the person put the cooked carrots in the metal bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got out some carrots .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a bowl and a plate .
the person went to the sink .
the person washed the carrots under the faucet .
the person placed the carrots in a bowl .
the person took out a knife .
the person placed a carrot on the cutting board .
the person removed the ends .
the person cut the carrot into pieces .
the person took all the circular pieces .
the person cut the circular pieces into halves .
the person took out a frying pan and some olive oil .
the person put olive oil into the pan .
the person went to gather some seasonings .
the person put the carrots into the pan .
the person started to saute the carrots .
the person added some seasonings .
the person continued to saute the carrots .
the person removed the carrots from the heat .
the person began cleaning up .
the person transferred the carrots to a bowl , .
the person cleaned the pan , .
the person put the pan away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person rinsed a hand in the sink .
the person took two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person set out a cutting board and bowl .
the person rinsed the carrots in the sink .
the person placed the carrots in the bowl .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the carrots into a rough dice .
the person placed the diced into the bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person adjusted the heat on the stove .
the person placed a skillet over the heat .
the person put some oil in the skillet , .
the person put the carrots in .
seasoned the carrots .
the person stirred the carrots .
the person added something from the cabinet .
the person put the pan onto the cutting board .
the person cleaned up the trimmings from the counter .
the person washed his hands and spoon in the sink .
the person placed the cooked carrots into the bowl .
the person rinsed the skillet in the sink .
the person put the skillet and cutting board away .
the person cleaned the spatula .
the person put the spatula back in the drawer .
the person retrieved two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and a bowl from beneath the counter .
the person cleaned the carrots in the sink .
the person got a knife .
the person began to chop the carrots on the cutting board .
the person got a frying pan , .
the person oiled a frying pan .
the person added a few more ingredients and some spices .
the person sauteed the chopped carrot , .
the person transferred the carrots into the bowl .
the person cleaned his dishes , .
the person put the dishes away .
