the person took a cup and saucer from the cupboard .
the person transferred the white yolk to the cup .
the person separated the yellow yolk of an egg in saucer .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a cup and saucer from the cupboard .
the person transferred the white yolk to the cup .
the person separated the yellow yolk of an egg in saucer .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person found a bowl , a cup and an egg .
the person used the rim of the cup to break the egg shell .
the person separated the egg whites into the cup .
the person put the egg yolk into the bowl .
before throwing away the egg shell .
the person washed his hands .
the person left the kitchen .
the person cracked an egg .
the person put the egg whites in the cup .
the person placed the yolk in the bowl .
the person put the empty egg shell in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set a cup and plate on the counter .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator , .
the person drained the egg whites into the cup , .
the person put the yolk onto the plate .
the person threw away the egg shell .
the person rinsed his hands at the sink .
the person got an egg from a fridge .
the person separated the egg yolk and whites .
the person threw the egg shell in the trash .
the person got an cup and bowl .
the person cracked the egg white into the cup .
the person put the yolk in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an egg , a cup , and a bowl .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the yolk and the white into the bowl and cup .
the person threw away the shell .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a plate , cup , and egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person put all of the whites into the cup , .
the person put the yolk onto the plate .
the person cracked an egg carefully .
the person separated the egg yolk .
the person placed the egg yolk on a plate .
the person threw away the shell .
the person washed the yolk off of he hands .
the person took a cup and saucer from the cupboard .
the person transferred the white yolk to the cup .
the person separated the yellow yolk of an egg in saucer .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a bowl and a cup out of the cupboard .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg .
the person put the white in the cup .
the person put the yolk in the bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled an egg out the fridge .
the person poured egg yolk into the bowl and cup .
the person cracked a raw egg in half .
the person dumped the egg between the two halves of the shell .
the person let the white of the egg fall into a cup .
the person put the egg yolk into a bowl .
the person cracked an egg on the lip of a small bowl .
the person separated the yolk from the egg whites .
the person put the whites in one bowl and the yolk in the other .
the person walked into the kitchen to prepare an egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person poured the whites into a cup and the yolk onto a plate .
the person cleaned his hands .
the person got a cup and a plate and an egg .
the person broke the egg carefully pouring the egg white into the cup .
the person put the yolk on a plate .
the person washed his hands .
the person cracked open the egg .
the person poured the white into the cup .
the person poured the yolk into the bowl .
the person obtained a cup , a saucer , and an egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person emptied the white part of the egg into the cup .
the person placed the egg yolk into the saucer .
the person discarded the egg shell .
the person washed hands to get clean from the egg .
the person took a cup and saucer from the cupboard .
the person transferred the white yolk to the cup .
the person separated the yellow yolk of an egg in saucer .
the person washed his hands .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person removed the pit .
the person cut the avocado into chunks .
the person used a peeler to peel an avocado .
the person used a knife to cut the avocado in half .
the person took the pit from the center of the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into cubes .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person diced the avocado .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person collected a cutting board , avocado and vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person threw away the peeling and pit .
the person washed his hands , .
the person cored the avocado .
the person diced the avocado with a knife .
the person put the knife in the sink .
the person washed the avacado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person removed the seed .
the person chopped the avocado into edible , small squares .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , peeler , and knife .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person peeled an avacado .
the person threw away the skin .
the person sliced the avocado into cubes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the avacado , .
the person sliced the avacado .
the person pitted the avocado .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person entered a kitchen , .
the person selected an avocado .
the person removed the sticker from the fruit , .
the person washed the avocado .
the person peeled the avacado .
the person diced the avocado .
the person took out an avocado and a cutting board .
the person peeled an avacado .
the person removed the seed .
the person diced the avocado .
the person first peeled an avocado .
some clean-up an avacado , .
the person removed the stone from the avocado .
the person cubed the avocado into even pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took our a cutting board and avocado .
the person removed the seed .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person took an avocado out of the fridge .
the person peeled a sticker off of an avacado .
the person disposed of the sticker .
the person took out a vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the skin off the avocado , .
the person sliced the avacado in half .
the person used the knife and removed the pit of the avocado .
the person diced both halves of avocado into pieces .
the cook washed the avocado .
the person preped a avocado .
the person peeled the avacado .
the cook halved the avocado , .
the person removed the pit .
the person sliced the avacado in to cubes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person removed the pit with a knife .
the person diced the avocado into small cubes .
first the person cored the avocado using a paring knife .
the person finished by dicing the avocado with the same paring knife .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person got out a knife , .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the peeled avocado in half , .
the person removed the seeds .
the person chopped up the rest of the avocado .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person peeled an avacado .
the person placed an avacado on a cutting board .
the person removed the seed , .
the person chopped the avocado into small pieces .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person peeled the avocado with a vegetable peeler .
the person pitted the avocado .
the person chopped the avocado .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got an avocado out of the fridge .
the person washed an avacado .
the person peeled an avacado .
the person took out the pit .
the person cut the avocado into pieces .
the person took out an avocado .
the person rinsed an avacado off .
the person peeled an avacado first .
the person cut an avacado open to remove the pit .
the person sliced an avacado half lengthwise first .
the person cubed an avacado .
the person put the knife in the sink done .
the person prepared scrambled eggs in a pan on the stove .
the eggs cooked .
the person added spices to the eggs .
the person chopped fresh herbs he cut from a plant in the kitchen .
the person let the eggs cook .
the person stirred the eggs periodically .
the person added the herbs on top .
the person added butter to the pan .
the person added eggs and spices .
the person added some herb grass to the scrambled eggs .
the person cooked the eggs .
the person seasoned the eggs .
the person placed the eggs on a plate .
the person sprinkled the herbs on the eggs .
the person chopped up some herbs .
the person cooked some eggs in a skillet .
the person seasoned the eggs , .
the person placed the eggs on a plate .
the person placed the herbs on top of the eggs , .
the person added a fork to the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person collected ingredients : two eggs , butter , seasonings and herbs .
the person melted the butter in a skillet , .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person whisked the eggs , .
the person waited the eggs cooked .
the person rinsed a white plate .
the person dried a white plate , .
the person slid the eggs onto a white plate .
the person garnished the eggs with herbs .
the person sat the plate across from him at the counter .
the person waited for butter to melt .
the person mixed eggs and spices in the pan .
the person cooked the eggs , .
the person created scrambled eggs .
the person cooked two eggs , with herb , and butter .
the person greased the pan .
the person cracked the eggs directly into the pan , .
the person proceeded to stir the eggs .
the person seasoned the eggs .
the person gathered two eggs , butter , seasoning , a knife and cutting board , and a pan and spatula .
the person melted some butter in the pan .
before the person cracked the eggs into the pan .
seasoning .
the person chopped some fresh chives to top the scrambled eggs .
the person cleaned up , .
the person replaced the cake of butter .
the person served the eggs on a small dish .
the person put the pan and spatula in the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out eggs .
the person cooked the eggs .
seasoned with spices .
the person placed cut up herbs on top of the egg .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took out a frying pan , eggs and butter .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person broke the eggs into the frying pan .
the person added some spices .
the person cooked the eggs .
the person chopped some herbs .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the cooked eggs on the plate .
the person sprinkled chopped herbs on the cooked eggs .
the person cooked some eggs in a pan .
the person seasoned the eggs .
the person plated the eggs .
the person topped the eggs with herbs .
the person came into kitchen .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person took two eggs and a butter box form fridge .
the person put two eggs and a butter box on slab .
the person cut grass from grass plant with knife .
switch on stove .
the person melted butter .
the person took some seasonings .
the person switched on stove .
the person broke eggs .
the person did omelette , .
the person put seasonings on the omelette .
the person kept everything back in place .
the person served the omelette in plate with a fork .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person prepared to cook some eggs .
the person chopped some chives .
the person scrambled two eggs on the stove .
the person put the cooked eggs on a plate .
the person sprinkled the cooked eggs with chives .
the person cut fresh herbs from a plant .
the person buttered a frying pan .
the person cooked two eggs in a frying pan .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person plated the cooked eggs .
the person sprinkled the chopped herb over the cooked eggs .
the person pulled out eggs , butter , .
the person cut up some chives .
the person heated up a pan .
the person melted the butter .
the person scrambled the eggs , .
the person plated the eggs .
the person generously seasoned the eggs with the chives .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a pan .
the person put a pan on stove .
the person took two eggs and butter .
the person cut some grass from a plant .
the person switched on stove .
the person put some butter into pan .
the person let the butter melt .
the person took seasonings .
the person put eggs in the butter .
the person put some seasoning over omelette .
the person took omelette into plate , .
the person garnished with grass .
the person kept fork .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved butter and eggs from the refrigerator .
the person turned on the range , .
melted butter , .
the person scrambled the eggs with seasonings .
the person washed a dish , .
the person placed the eggs on the dish .
the person covered the eggs with herbs .
the person got two eggs from a fridge .
the person cooked the eggs in a frying pan .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person sprinkled herbs over the eggs .
the person took out eggs and a skillet .
the person cooked the eggs .
the person put the cooked egg onto a plate with herbs .
the person took a clove of garlic .
the person peeled a clove of garlic .
the person cut a clove of garlic into a few pieces lengthwise .
the person cut each of these pieces into tiny discs .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out garlic , a knife and cutting board .
the person peeled two cloves of garlic .
the person diced two cloves of garlic , .
the person threw two cloves of garlic away .
the person peeled the clove .
the person diced one more clove .
the person left the clove on the board .
the person took some garlic cloves .
the person cut the garlic cloves .
the person messed the garlic cloves up .
the person threw the garlic cloves into the trash .
the person took out a new clove of garlic .
the person peeled the new clove .
the person cut the new clove .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person peeled some garlic away from a clove .
the person began to dice the garlic .
the person peeled some from another clove .
the person cut the garlic into smaller bits .
the person removed garlic from the pantry .
the person peeled the garlic , .
the person placed the remaining garlic back in the cabinet .
the person sliced the garlic , .
the person tossed the garlic in the trash .
the person got more garlic out of the cabinet , .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic .
the person cleaned up .
the person separated a clove from a bulb of garlic .
the person placed the peeled the clove .
the person placed the clove on a cutting board .
the person cut the garlic into small pieces with a knife .
the person threw away the skins .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered into kitchen .
the person took a garlic from wardrobe .
the person tried to cut a garlic into several pieces was unable to do it .
so the person trashed the garlic .
the person took another garlic clove from wardrobe .
the person cut the garlic clove into several pieces .
the person cleaned the trash .
the person cleaned his hands .
the person wiped his hands .
the person walked back from kitchen .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the garlic skins off the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic .
the person tossed the garlic in the garbage .
the person sliced a small piece of garlic on the cutting board .
the person got garlic from a cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person minced the garlic .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person got garlic out .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person cut a piece .
the person did not like so he threw a piece away .
the person got more garlic out .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic .
the chef separated a clove of garlic from the bulb , .
the person peeled the skin .
the person placed a clove of garlic on a cutting board .
the person diced the peeled clove into tiny pieces .
the person finished by cleaning the area .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person got some garlic from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the garlic .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered garlic , knife and cutting board .
the person cleaned two cloves of garlic .
the person cut up two cloves of garlic , .
the person cleaned the garlic up .
the person threw the garlic away .
the person got another piece of garlic , .
the person cleaned the piece of garlic .
the person cut the piece of garlic up .
the person cleaned up the counter , .
the person washed his hands .
left .
the person peeled garlic .
the person separated a few cloves .
the person sliced the cloves , .
the person threw the pieces in the garbage .
the person removed another clove of garlic .
the person peeled this clove .
the person sliced the clove into small pieces .
the person took garlic out of the refrigerator .
the person opened the package .
the person took a shell out .
the person cleaned the garlic .
the person put the garlic on a plate .
the person chopped the garlic with a knife .
the person peeled the skin off a piece of garlic .
the person diced the garlic into tiny squares .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a head of garlic from the pantry .
the person removed the skin from a clove of garlic .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the clove into small pieces .
the person peeled cloves of garlic .
the person chopped the cloves of garlic into smaller pieces .
the person threw the cloves of garlic away .
the person took another clove of garlic from the pantry .
the person chopped the clove of garlic into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took out a clove of garlic , .
the person peeled a clove of garlic .
the person removed two sections , .
the person attempted to dice two sections .
the person threw everything away , .
the person rinsed the cutting board , .
the person selected a new knife , .
the person tried the clove again , .
the person cleaned the counter of peels , .
the person threw the peels in the trash , .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands , .
the person left the kitchen .
the person took out garlic .
the person threw out the garlic .
the person took out more garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person diced the new garlic .
the person took a plum out of the fridge .
the person ran a knife around the pit , .
the person twisted the halves apart .
the person cut each plum half in half again , .
the person threw away the pit .
the person washed the knife under running water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum .
the person cut a plum open .
the person removed the pit .
the person cut the plum into four sections .
the person threw away the pit , .
the person washed his hands and the paring knife .
the person walked in to the kitchen .
the person got out a plum .
the person placed a knife and plate on the counter .
the person sliced the plum up , .
the person placed the plum on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the plum .
the person sliced the plum .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person washed the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person got a knife from the drawer and a plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the plum into quarters .
the person put the plum on the plate .
the person washed the plum first to get rid of any impurities on the skin .
the person cut the plum into four segments using the knife , .
before throwing the large stone from the fruit into the bin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum .
the person quartered the plum .
the person discarded the pit .
the person rinsed the knife .
the person dried his hands and knife on a towel .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a plum , knife and plate .
the person washed the plum .
the person cut the plum in half , .
the person sliced a plum into wedges .
the person got a plum , knife , and a plate .
the person washed the plum .
the person sliced the plum .
the person twisted the plum apart .
the person pitted the plum .
the person took a plum or small red nectarine from the refrigerator .
the person washed a plum or small red nectarine .
the person dried the plum .
the person cut the fruit in half , .
the person sliced the plum lengthwise into several sections .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a plum from the refrigerator .
the person retrieved a knife andplate .
the person washed the plum , .
the person cut the plum in half , .
the person twisted the plum apart .
the person removed the pit .
the person cut the plum into fourths .
the person threw away the pit .
the person washed the knife his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a small food item , knife , and plate .
the person washed the plum .
the person peeled the plum .
the person washed off the knife .
the person dried the knife .
the person took a small red fruit from the refrigerator .
the person washed the fruit .
the person dried the fruit .
the person chopped the fruit into smaller pieces .
the person washed a plum .
the person dried the plum .
the person sliced the plum .
the person took a small fruit out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the fruit in the sink .
the person sliced the fruit into pieces .
the person took a fruit .
the person washed the fruit .
the person cut the fruit using a knife .
the person washed the knife .
the person took out a plum .
the person cut a plum into slices .
the person was finished , he cleaned up herself .
the person took out a plum and a plate .
the person cut the plum into pieces .
the person cut the plum into pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person cut the plum in half and into pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took plum , knife and a plate .
the person washed the plum .
the person sliced the plum .
the person chopped garlic on the kitchen counter .
the person placed the garlic onto a small plate .
the person placed the plate into a kitchen cabinet .
the person removed some garlic from the cupboard .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person rinsed the garlic .
the person sliced the cloves .
the person diced the cloves .
the person put the garlic onto a plate .
the person put the plate of garlic in the cupboard .
the person took two cloves of garlic out of the pantry .
the person chopped the garlic on a cutting board .
the person placed the chopped garlic on a saucer .
the person put a saucer back in the pantry .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person retrieved a clove of garlic from a pantry .
the person separated a clove of garlic .
the person used a knife and chopping board to chop up the garlic .
the person placed the chopped garlic untoed a saucer .
the person was done , he washed up the knife and chopping board .
the person saved the saucer in a cupboard .
the person rinsed garlic in the sink .
the person cut the garlic into small pieces .
the person put the pieces into a bowl .
the person put the bowl of garlic in the cabinet .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two garlic cloves , cutting board , knife and plate .
the person peeled the cloves .
the person diced the cloves .
the person put away the utensils , .
the person put the garlic plate in the cupboard .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person chopped the garlic .
the person put the garlic in a plate .
the person cleaned the dishes .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person placed the sliced garlic onto a white plate .
the person put the plate of sliced garlic into the cabinet .
the person peeled two cloves of garlic over the trash .
the person minced the garlic .
the person put the garlic on a small plate .
the person cleaned his dishes .
the person put the dishes away .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic cloves .
the person placed the garlic onto a plate .
the person peeled the skin from two pieces of garlic by hand .
the person diced the garlic on a cutting board with a knife .
the person placed the diced garlic on a plate .
the person cleaned the utensils he used to dice the garlic .
the person took out garlic .
the person finely cut the garlic .
the person put the diced garlic on a plate .
the person put the plate of garlic into the cabinet .
the person walked into the the kitchen .
the person got two cloves of garlic out .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person diced the garlic .
the person placed the garlic on a plate .
the person put the plate in the pantry .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got some garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person chopped the garlic .
the person put the garlic on a plate .
the person put a plate in the pantry .
the person took out a piece of garlic .
the person chopped the garlic into small pieces .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person put the chopped up garlic away .
the person peeled a garlic clove .
the person sliced the garlic with a knife .
the person diced the garlic slices .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some garlic from the pantry .
the person used a knife and cutting board to dice the garlic .
the person put the garlic on a plate .
the person put a plate in the pantry .
the person got garlic from a cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person chopped the garlic with a knife .
the person put the garlic on a plate .
the person chose two cloves of garlic .
the person peeled two cloves of garlic .
the person used a large knife and cutting board , he chopped the cloves into small pieces .
the person placed the chopped garlic onto a small dish , .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person dried the knife and cutting board , .
the person returned the knife and cutting board to the appropriate drawers .
the person peeled a clove of garlic near the trash , .
the person washed a clove of garlic under the sink .
the person cut a clove of garlic in half .
the person cut the clove until it was diced into small pieces .
the person got a plate .
the person put the garlic on the plate .
the person followed this , he washed the knife and cutting board , .
the person put the garlic in another pantry .
the made got bread to make toast .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person started toasting the bread .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person retrieved the toast .
the person got bread and a plate out .
the person put two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person put the toast on the plate the toast was done .
the person took a package of bread and a plate out the cabinet .
the person put a package of bread and a plate on the counter .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the bread popped up .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person walked out .
a young person went into the kitchen .
the person took out some bread .
the person put the bread slices in the toaster to cook .
the toast popped , .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person left the room .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person got out some bread .
the person placed two slices of bread on a plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread , .
the person placed the bread back on his plate .
the person took a bag of bread out of the pantry .
the person took two slices of bread out of the bag .
the person put the slices of bread in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person took two slices of bread from a cabinet .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person placed the bread inside .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person left the room .
the person grabbed some pieces of bread .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person toasted the pieces on bread .
a put the rest away .
the person placed the toast on a plate .
the person exited the room .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person grabbed bread .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person removed the toasted bread .
the person placed the toasted bread on a plate .
the young person grabbed two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the young person waited approximately two minutes for the toaster operation to complete .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person toasted two pieces of bread .
the person placed two pieces of bread on a plate .
the person got some bread from a fridge .
the person put the bread in a toaster .
the person put the toasted bread on a plate .
the person took two slices of bread from a loaf .
the person put two slices of bread on a plate .
the person went to the toaster , .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person adjusted the settings , .
the person put the bread in .
a long wait .
more fiddling with the settings , .
the toast finished .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster back in it was corner of the counter , .
the person put the toast back onto the plate , .
left .
the person took out a loaf of bread and a plate .
the person put two slices of bread in a toaster .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread on the plate .
the person carried the plate away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person took out a plate and two slices of bread .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person put the two slices in the toaster .
the person put the rest of the bread back in the cabinet .
the person put the toasted bread on the plate .
the person walked out of the room .
the person located a plate .
the person took a plate out of a cabinet .
the person removed two slices of bread from a loaf .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person moved the toaster .
the person lifted the toaster .
the person placed two slices of bread into a toaster .
the person pressed the toaster lever down .
the toaster heated the bread .
the person toasted the bread .
the person removed the toasted bread slices from the toaster .
the person placed the toasted bread slices onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person took two slices from the loaf .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person put the bread in .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person walked out of the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed bread .
the person placed the bread in the toaster to toast .
the person removed the toasted bread from the toaster .
the person placed the toasted bread on the plate .
the person put bread into a toaster .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person left the kitchen .
the person washed seven beans .
the person cut around seven beans into inch-long pieces .
the person pan - fried seven beans in olive oil .
the person added some salt and a couple of other spices to the beans .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out some green beans .
the person prepared the beans by washing the beans , .
the person cut the ends , .
the person diced the beans .
the person put the beans in a pot with olive oil .
the person sauteed the beans , .
the person added various seasonings .
the beans were don the person put the beans on a plat .
the person entered the kitchen .
prepared green beans for pan frying .
the person chopped the bean tips off .
the person diced the beans into squares .
the person grilled the beans in a pan until the beans were browned .
the person chopped up beans .
the person prepared a frying pan with olive oil .
the person fried the beans in the oil .
the person seasoned the beans .
the person put the beans onto a plate .
the person retrieved some beans from a refrigerator .
the person cut each pod into six segments by cutting the pods crosswise .
the person cooked the beans in oil over a stove .
the person added condiment to the beans a few times .
the person transferred the beans to a medium-sized dish .
the person took out beans and a cutting board .
the person chopped the beans into pieces .
the person cooked the beans with spices in a skillet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some beans .
the person cleaned the beans .
the person cut the beans into pieces .
the person cooked the beans with some spices .
the person cleaned the dishes .
the person seasoned the beans to his taste .
the person put the beans on a plate .
the person took out green beans .
the person chopped the green beans .
the person cooked the green beans .
the person seasoned the green beans .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person chopped the beans into small pieces .
sauteed the beans .
the person seasoned the beans .
the person put the beans on a plate .
the person grabbed beans from the refrigerator .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person added oil to a pot .
the person placed the beans on the pot .
the person separated the beans with a wooden spatula .
the person added salt , pepper and another condiment to the beans .
the person stirred the beans a few times .
the person placed the beans on a plate .
the person washed the beans .
the person cut the beans up in small inch pieces .
the person fried the beans up in a pan , making sure the beans were spread evenly in the pan .
the person fried the beans .
the person added some spices .
the person served the beans on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person grabbed a knife and a cutting board .
the person pulled out some green beans , .
the person began cutting some green beans down .
the person go out a pot , oil , spices , .
the person began sauteing the beans .
completely cooking the beans , .
the person seasoned the beans .
the person got a saucer out .
the person plated the beans up .
the person got beans from a fridge .
the person chopped the beans .
the person fried the beans in a frying pan .
the person put the beans on a plate .
the person got beans from the refrigerator .
the person washed the beans .
the person sliced the beans .
the person got a pan .
the person put the beans in the pan .
seasoned the beans .
the person cleaned up his tools .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person tasted the beans several times .
the person put the beans on a plate .
the person cooked the beans .
the person added salt , pepper and spices to the beans .
the person tasted to see if the beans were to his taste .
the person added more salt .
the person poured the beans onto a small plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some beans from the fridge .
the person trimmed the beans .
the person chopped the beans using a knife and cutting board .
the person cooked the beans .
the person served the beans on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person took some beans from a fridge .
the person chopped the beans on the cutting board .
the person placed the beans in a pan .
the person cooked the beans .
the person seasoned the beans .
the person placed the beans in a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person rinsed the beans using the sink .
the person sliced the beans on the cutting board .
the person selected fresh beans .
the person rinsed the fresh beans .
the person cut the ends off the beans .
the person sliced the beans .
the person sauteed the sliced beans in a skillet with some oil and seasonings .
the person served the beans on a plate .
the person prepared things to make beans .
the person fried beans with oil , pepper , salt and some powder .
the person put the all beans in one plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board and a knife .
the person also got a chili pepper and a small plate from the cupboards behind him .
the person washed the pepper , .
the person cut the peeper into small slices .
the person put the peeper on the small plate .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person chopped a peeper up on the cutting board , .
the person placed a pepper on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board , knife , and chili pepper .
the person sliced the chili pepper .
the person placed the sliced chili pepper on the plate .
the person selected a red pepper .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person diced the pepper .
the person washed the chili pepper briefly .
the person sliced the chili pepper into small rings .
the person plated the chili pepper rings onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a cutting board , knife , hot pepper and plate .
the person washed the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper thinly .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person got a red pepper and a small plate from another cabinet .
the person washed the pepper off .
the person set the pepper on the cutting board .
the person dried his hands off .
the person started to slice the pepper .
the person transferred the pepper to the small plate .
the person set a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person retrieved a red pepper and a plate .
the person set a red pepper and a plate on the counter as well .
the person washed the pepper , .
the person sliced the peeper thinly .
the person set the peeper on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person brought a pepper from the cubbard .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person diced the pepper .
the person placed the diced on a small plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person took a red chili and a small plate from cabinet .
the person cut the washed red chili into pieces .
the person arranged the washed red chili in smaller plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a pepper from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a pepper .
the person sliced the pepper on the cutting board .
the person put the pepper on a plate .
the person got a pepper .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person put the pepper on the plate .
in the video , the person chopped a red chilli into tiny bits .
the person lifted a red chili .
the person placed a red chili on a saucer .
the person took out a cutting board and knife to cut a chili pepper .
the person sliced a chili pepper finely keeping the shape of the pepper intact .
the person placed a chili pepper on a small plate .
the person arranged the pepper .
the person pushed the plate forward .
the person got a cutting board .
the person set a cutting board on the table .
the person got a knife .
the person set a knife on the cutting board .
the person got a pepper , .
the person got a small plate .
the person put a small plate to the cutting board .
the person rinsed a pepper with water , .
the person dried his hands on a towel .
the person cut the pepper into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person took out a round chopping board , .
the person opened another drawer .
the person took out a kitchen knife .
the person went .
the person got a chili pepper and a white saucer .
the person washed the chili pepper , .
the person dried his hands .
the person proceeded to cut the chili pepper in small pieces .
the person scooped up the cut chili peppers with the knife .
the person placed the cut chili peppers on the saucer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person went to the pantry .
the person retrieved a cayenne pepper .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person cut the pepper into slices .
the person placed the pepper on a plate .
the person took out a chili and a plate .
the person cut the chili with a knife .
the person put the chili pieces on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person gathered a cutting board , knife , chili pepper and plate .
the person washed the chili pepper .
the person cut the chili pepper into small pieces .
the person was finished he put the pieces of pepper onto the plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into pieces , .
the person placed the cucumber on a plate .
the person ended by seasoning the cucumber .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person cut up the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber onto a plate .
the person put salt and pepper onto the cucumber .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person set out a knife , cutting board and plate .
the person peeled half of the cucumber .
diced half of the cucumber .
the person put the diced on the plate .
the person sprinkled a spice over the plate .
the person took a cucumber out of the fridge .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into small pieces .
the person seasoned the cucumber sliced .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber , plate , cutting board , knife and peeler .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person peeled half of the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person topped the cucumber with salt and pepper .
the person cut a cucumber in half .
the person peeled a cucumber half .
the person cut a cucumber vertically .
the person cut a cucumber into approximately half a centimeter thick , semi-circular discs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person got a knife , cutting board and peeler from under the counter .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber thinly .
the person put the cucumber on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a vegetables and some cooking utensils .
the person unwrapped the vegetable .
the person cut the vegetable into smaller pieces .
the person put the cut vegetables on a plate .
seasoned the cut vegetables .
the person got out a cucumber .
the person set a cucumber down .
the person got out a knife , cutting board , and peeler .
the person cut the cucumber in half , .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber up , .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person seasoned the sliced cumber .
the person got a cucumber from a fridge .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on a plate .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person peeled a cucumber .
sliced half of the peeled cucumber .
the person added spice to a cucumber .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber , a large knife , and a cutting board .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person took out a peeler .
the person peeled the cucumber , .
the person cut the cucumber , .
the person sliced the cucumber half .
the person put the slices onto the plate .
the person added spices .
the person cut a cucumber in half , .
the person peeled a cucumber , .
the person chopped a cucumber .
the person spiced the cucumber lightly .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person washed a cucumber , .
the person cut a cucumber .
the person sliced a cucumber .
the person put the slices on a plate .
seasoned the slices .
the person chopped half of a cucumber into pieces .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person seasoned the cucumbers with a spice from the spice rack .
the person went to the kitchen .
the person cut up cucumber into very small pieces .
once done , the person put the cucumber onto a plate .
the person sprinkled spices on top of the cucumber .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person peeled the skin off the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into little pieces .
the person placed the cucumber pieces onto the white plate .
the person sprinkled ingredients onto the cucumber pieces .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person unwrapped the cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person chopped the cucumber up on the cutting board .
the person put the cucumber on a plate .
the person also prepared a sauce out of butter , flour , cream .
the person boiled a half a head of cauliflower in water and spices .
cauliflower was tender , the person put it on a plate .
the person took the sauce .
the person poured just enough to cover the half of the cauliflower .
the person took out cauliflower and seasoning .
the person made a cream sauce in one pot .
the person cooked cauliflower in another .
the person put the cooked cauliflower and cream into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person started by getting a large pot out .
the person filled a large pot with water .
that the person got all his ingredients ready , .
the person cleaned the cauliflower , .
the person began preparing a meal out of cauliflower .
the person added seasonings as he cook , .
the person added seasonings as he cook , .
the person tasted the concoction .
the person put the cauliflower and the conction in a bowl .
pour sauce on all .
the person got cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person used butter , flour and milk to make a sauce .
the person boiled the cauliflower in seasoned water .
the person put the cauliflower and sauce on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced cauliflower into little pieces .
the person cooked other ingredients in the second pot .
the person cooked the cauliflower in a pot of water .
the person made a sauce .
the person boiled some cauliflower .
the person prepared a plate with the sauce over the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower .
on several occasions the gentleman opened the cabinets .
the person closed cabinets without selecting an ingredient .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person gazed for long periods at the cooking pots .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person cooked the cauliflower and a sauce .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person poured the sauce on the cauliflower .
the person cut a cauliflower in half .
the person made a sauce .
the person cooked the cauliflower .
the person seasoned the cauliflower .
the person placed the cauliflower and sauce on a plate .
the person took out two pots and a cauliflower .
in the other pot , the person made a white sauce .
in one pot the person boiled the cauliflower .
the person put the boiled cauliflower onto a plate .
the person topped the boiled cauliflower with the white sauce .
the person picked apart the cauliflower .
the person washed the cauliflower off .
the person used one pot to boil the cauliflower and another to boil the sauce .
the person put the finished product on a plate .
the person made base sauce .
the person boiled cauliflower .
the person trimmed the cauliflower .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person made a white sauce .
the person boiled the cauliflower .
the person plated the cauliflower .
the person spooned sauce over the cooked cauliflower .
the person walked into the .
the person put two pots on the stove .
the person cut a cauliflower in half .
the person made a sauce of butter , flour , milk and seasoning .
the person cooked one in water and seasoning .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person topped the cauliflower with the sauce .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some cauliflower from the fridge .
the person got several more ingredients out .
the person made a sauce .
the person cooked the cauliflower .
the person served the cauliflower with the sauce on a plate .
the person came the into the kitchen .
the person took half cauliflower .
the person made some mixer in another bowl .
the person boiled half cauliflower with water and with some powder .
last the person mixed boiled cauliflower and mixer in one plate .
the person cut cauliflower into chunks .
the person made a bechamel sauce .
the person boiled the cauliflower in water .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person poured the bechamel sauce over the cauliflower .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person put the cucumber pieces on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took a knife and vegetable peeler from a drawer , .
the person set a knife and vegetable peeler on the counter .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person pulled a cutting board from a drawer .
the person washed a cucumber , .
the person peeled the cucumber , .
slices the cucumber , .
the person placed the sliced cucumber on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a cucumber , knife , peeler , cutting board and plate .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person peeled the cucumber , .
the person sliced the cucumber in half .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the skin of cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into pieces .
the person took a knife , peeler and cutting board from a drawer .
the person brought a cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise .
the person sliced the cucumber into little pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person obtained a knife , a peeler , a cutting board and a cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber lengthwise .
the person cut the cucumber into slices crosswise using the knife and cutting board .
the person placed the slices into a bowl .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person sliced the cucumber into small pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person peeled the skins off of a cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into smaller pieces .
the person placed the cucumber bits onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber , knife , peeler , and cutting board .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person chopped the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person put the chopped cucumber on a plate .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person cut the halves into slices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person prepared the cucumber .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person placed the sliced cucumber on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some utensils from a drawer .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator , .
the person cut a cucumber up on a cutting board .
the person was done cutting , he scraped the cucumber onto a plate .
the person took a knife , peeler and cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed a cucumber under the faucet .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person cut a cucumber up into small pieces .
the person put the cucumber in a dish from the cabinet .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber in half , lengthwise .
the person cut each half perpendicularly into thin slices .
the person scraped the cucumber onto a serving dish .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the cucumber using the peeler .
the person sliced the cucumber into little pieces .
the person placed the cucumber onto the white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the skin of cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into pieces .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into many pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber in half , lengthwise .
the person cut the halves of the cucumber into slices .
the person put the cucumber slices on a plate .
the person peeled a cucumber with a vegetable peeler .
the person chopped the cucumber with a knife .
the person put the cucumber on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a tea kettle .
the person put water in the tea kettle .
the person turned the tea kettle on .
the person took out a tea pot , .
the person put a tea ball of loose tea into a tea pot .
the person spooned sugar into a mug .
the person poured the boiling water in .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person poured the brewed tea into a mug .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person boiled water using a teapot .
the person poured the tea into a cup .
the person filled a tea kettle with water .
the person heated a tea kettle on an electric hot plate .
the person scooped loose tea into a tea strainer .
the person put the tea strainer into a teapot .
the person poured the hot water into the teapot .
the person let the teapot steep .
the person poured the tea into a mug .
the person heated some water .
the person put the water and a tea infuser in a pot .
the person put the tea and some sugar in a cup .
the person added sugar .
the person mixed hot water with a tea bag .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person poured tea into a cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kettle , tea pot and tea out .
the person heated water in the kettle .
and put the tea in the tea pot .
the person poured the hot water into the tea pot .
the person poured the finished tea into a tea cup with some sugar .
the person stirred .
the person plugged in an electric kettle to heat water .
the person gathered the ingredients and supplied he needed to make a cup of tea .
the person combined the ingredients with the hot water to make a cup of tea .
the person heated some water .
the person added tea grounds to a metal tea bag .
the person placed hot water and the tea bag into a tea pot .
the person put sugar into a tea cup .
the person poured the tea into the tea cup .
the person plugged in an electric water heater .
the person filled an electric water heater with tap water .
the person waited for the water to heat up , .
the person took out a tea pot and tea ball .
the person filled the tea ball with loose tea leaved , .
the person spooned some sugar into a mug .
the person filled the tea pot with the heated water , .
the person waited for the tea to infuse .
the person filled the mug with tea .
the person stirred the tea with a spoon .
the person heated some water in an electric tea kettle .
the person put some tea in a metal tea dispense .
the person put some sugar in a teacup .
the person poured some hot water into the teapot .
the person poured some tea into the teacup .
the person took out a water boiler .
the person poured hot water into a tea pot .
the person poured tea into a cup .
the person used an electric kettle to boil water .
the person put two spoons of tea into a tea .
the person brewed the tea in a tea pot .
the person poured the tea to a teacup with two spoons of sugar .
the person stirred the tea .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person boiled water using a kettle he plugged up .
the person put tea in a small tea filter .
the person poured water into a small pot to steep .
the person poured the tea into a cup with sugar .
the person stirred the tea .
the person pulled out a dispenser .
the person poured water into a dispenser .
the person turned on the dispenser , .
the person got out some tea .
the person also got out a white mug to put the tea in .
the person mixed the tea , .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person took out a tea maker .
the person hooked a tea maker up to a device on the counter .
the person put some water in the tea maker .
the person took out a tea pot .
the person got out a tea bag device .
the person got some tea out of the pantry .
the person put two spoonfuls of tea in the tea bag device .
the person put the tea bag device in the tea pot .
the person put some sugar in a tea cup , .
the person poured the hot water in the pot , .
the person made tea .
the person placed a tea infuser into a tea pot .
the person poured hot water into the pot .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed tea , a teapot , sugar , a tea cup , and pitcher .
the person filled the pitcher with water .
the person plugged the pitcher into the socket on the counter .
the person steeped the tea .
the person poured the tea into a cup with sugar .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person heated some water in an electric kettle .
the person put tea in a tea infuser .
the person put a tea infuser in a small pot .
the person took a cup from the cabinet .
the person placed a cup on the counter .
the person added the heated water to the pot .
the person poured the tea into the cup with a little sugar .
the person stirred .
the person took out a tea maker .
the person added water to the maker .
the person heated the water .
the person prepared a tea bag .
the person made tea .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a package of peas , two knives , a tupperware container , bowl , and cutting board .
the person washed some pea pods , .
the person cut the tops and bottoms off with a knife .
the person sliced each pod horizontally into small pieces , .
the person placed the pea pods into a small bowl .
the person washed the tupperware , knives and cutting board .
the person gathered vegetables and several kitchen items .
the person peeled the vegetables .
the person cut the vegetables .
the person discarded the pieces he did not need .
the person washed the kitchen items .
the person got some pea pods , knives , a cutting board , and come bowled .
the person trimmed the pea pods .
the person sliced the pea pods .
the person put the pods in a metal bowl .
the person entered kitcheen .
a took pack of green beans , knifed , plastic container and cutting board .
the person washed the beans , .
the person peeled the beans .
the person chopped the beans .
the person walked to the refrigerator .
the person removed some vegetables , .
the person rinsed off the vegetables , .
the person trimmed the ends of the vegetables .
the person chopped the vegetables .
the person placed the vegetables in a bowl .
the person took out a box of long beans .
the person took about six beans out of the box , .
the person trimmed off the ends .
the person sliced the beans into small pieces .
the person was done , he washed his kitchenware .
the person removed a package of vegetables from the refrigerator .
the person took five pieces .
the person sliced five pieces .
the person placed these slices into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took green beans out of the refrigerator .
the person took some of the beans out of the package .
the person returned the rest to the refrigerator .
the person washed the green beans .
the person sliced the green beans .
the person put the sliced beans into a metal bowl .
the person grabbed some snap peas from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed two knifes , a tupperware container , a bowl and a wooden cutting board from the cupboard .
the person rinsed some snap peas off .
the person cut off the ends of the snap peas .
the person sliced the snap peas at an angle .
the person placed the peas in a bowl .
the person threw away the ends of the snap peas .
the person rinsed off the used dishes .
the person removed some snap peas from the refrigerator .
the person gathered his utensils necessary to slice some snap peas .
the person proceeded to wash some snap peas , .
the person placed some snap peas on a wooden cutting board .
the person cut off some snap peas ends , .
the person sliced all of the snap peas , .
the person discarded the remains of the cut off ended into the trash .
the person washed his containers .
the person washed snowpeas .
the person prepped snowpeas for chopping .
the person cut the snowpeas into small pieces .
the person left the snowpeas on the counter .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pack of snap peas from the fridge .
the person got out a cutting board , two bowled , and two knives .
the person took some snap peas out of the pack .
the person sliced some snap peas on the cutting board .
the person put the sliced peas in a bowl .
the person rinsed his utensils .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a package of bean pods from the cabinet .
the person took out a cutting board and two knives .
the person selected five pods .
rinsed five pods .
the person sliced the five pods .
the person placed the five pods in a bowl .
the person took out green beans .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person placed the small pieces into a bowl .
the person rinsed the green beans .
the person removed the ends from the green beans .
the person sliced the green beans on the diagonal , into approximately 1/2 inch slices .
the person removed green beans from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife , cutting board , and bowled from a drawer .
the person washed the beans .
the person cut up the beans .
the person put the beans in a bowl .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out vegetables .
the person rinsed the vegetables .
the person sliced the vegetables .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person rinsed the utensils .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a bag of vegetables out of the fridge .
the person placed a bag of vegetables onto the counter .
the person took the necessary kitchen utensils out of the cupboard also .
the person washed the vegetables , .
the person trimmed the edges of the vegetables , .
the person cut the vegetables into diagonal sections .
the person discarded the edge pieces .
the person washed the utensils in the sink .
the person dried his hands with a towel .
the person took a package of green beans out of the refrigerator .
the person took out five beans , .
the person trimmed the beans , .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person discarded the trimmed ends , .
the person rinsed off the equipment .
the person washed some beans .
the person trimmed the beans .
the person sliced some beans .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cauliflower from the pantry .
the person also got a colander , knife and bowl from under the counter .
the person cut the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person put the pieces in the colander .
the person took out two bowled and a cauliflower .
the person took the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person put the pieces in a metal bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cauliflower , bowl , knife , and colander .
the person spent time cutting up and cleaning the cauliflower .
the person placed the pieces in the colander .
the person put all the trash from the cauliflower in the bowl .
the person disposed of the trash from the cauliflower in the trash he was done .
a female came into kitchen .
the person went to throw waste of cauliflower in dustbin .
the person entered his kitchen .
the person removed the leaves from a head of cauliflower .
the person chopped the cauliflower up .
the person put the chopped cauliflower in a bowl .
the person was cleaning and cutting cauliflower .
the person broke the cauliflower up into smaller pieces .
the person trimmed the inedible pieces off .
the person threw the garbage away .
the person gathered all the necessary materials , including a cauliflower , knife , colander , and large bowl .
with a knife , the person removed the leaves and stem from the cauliflower .
the person placed the leaves and stem into the large bowl .
the person cut large chunks from the cauliflower .
the person placed the chunks of cauliflower in the colander .
the person cleared the counter top of cauliflower fragments .
the person threw the unwanted cauliflower parts into the garbage bin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some cauliflower , bowled and a knife .
the person cut the cleaned the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into smaller pieces .
the person cleaned up he was done .
the person grabbed cauliflower out the cabinet .
the person peeled cauliflower into a blue bowl .
the person placed the other pieces of cauliflower into a silver bowl .
the person tossed the cauliflower from the blue bowl into the garbage .
the person entered into a kitchen .
the person opened cupboard .
the person took a cauliflower from the cupboard .
the person cut the cauliflower into big florets .
the person put the florets in a vessel .
the person put all unwanted parts of cauliflower into a blue bowl .
the person discarded trash from bowl into dustbin .
the person started with a whole cauliflower .
the person proceeded to remove the leaves and stem from the cauliflower using a knife .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces that fit in the palm of his hand .
the person put each cauliflower piece into the strainer .
the person ended up with a strainer filled with good cauliflower pieces .
the person cleaned the stemmed off a head of cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower in small sections .
the person dumped the stemmed in the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a head of cauliflower , a knife , a colander , and a blue bowl .
the person removed the outer leaves from the head of cauliflower .
the person cut imperfections from the cauliflower florets .
the person placed the pieces of cauliflower into the colander .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cauliflower .
the person carefully trimmed the cauliflower .
the person placed the pieces into a colander .
the person put undesired pieces into a bowl .
the person discarded the undesired pieces .
the person peeled the leaves off a large cauliflower .
the person used a knife to take the florets off the head .
the person placed the remainder of the cauliflower into a blue bowl .
the person placed the florets into a large steel colander .
the person selected two bowled and a knife .
the person completely trimmed the cabbage .
the person threw away the waste .
the person removed a head of cauliflower from the fridge .
the person began to prepare a head of cauliflower .
the person cut off the excess leaves , stem , and other undesirable parts .
the person placed the leaves , stem and other undesirable parts in a waste receptacle .
the person took out a head of cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower pieces into a bowl .
the person put the cauliflower leaved into the disposal .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a cauliflower , two bowled and a knife .
the person peeled the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into small parts , .
the person put the pieces in one bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out an orange , a cutting board , a knife , a juicer , a drinking glass , and a spoon .
the person washed the orange .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added two spoonfuls of pulp .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife , a juicer , and a glass .
the person cut the orange in two .
the person extracted the juice from both halves .
the person was done , he poured the juice into a glass .
the person took some of the pulp from the juicer .
the person added the pulp to the glass , as well .
the person took and orange out of the fridge .
the person washed an orange .
the person rolled an orange on the cutting board with his palm .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person juiced each half .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person used a juicer for the pieces of orange .
the person poured the orange juice into a glass .
the person got a orange from a fridge .
the person juiced the orange on a hand juicer .
the person poured the orange juice into a glass .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , juicer and glass .
the person washed the orange , .
the person cut the orange .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the juice and pulp into the glass .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person found an orange , cutting board , knife , juicer and glass .
the person washed the orange , .
the person cut the orange in half and juiced each side .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person washed the orange .
the person rolled the orange around the cutting board .
the person cut in half , he thoroughly squeezed both halves .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added a small spoonful of pulp .
the person sliced an orange in half .
the person manually juiced both halves using a juicer .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person got a juicer and a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person rolled the orange around .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange .
the person cut the orange .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the juice in a glass with some pulp .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out an orange .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced both halves of the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added the pulp .
the person took an orange out of the fridge .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the orange juice into a glass .
the person scooped some of the pulp from the juicer .
the person put the pulp in the glass .
the person washed an orange .
the person rolled an orange on a cutting board to loosen an orange up .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person extracted the juice out of each half with the help of a manual citrus juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person also mixed the fiber into the juice .
the person entered into kitchen .
the person took an orange from the fridge .
the person took cutting board , juicer and knife .
the person sliced the orange into two halves .
the person did juice from each half .
the person took a spoon , .
the person poured the juice from juicer into glass .
the person took pulp with spoon , .
the person put the pulp into glass .
the person kept the glass at counter top 's center .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person washed the orange .
the person rolled the orange against a cutting board .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person pressed the halves onto a juicer and removed the juice .
the person sliced an orange in half .
the person worked each half of the orange over a hand-juicer .
the person poured the juice from the hand-juicer into a glass .
the person placed the pulp from the hand-juicer into a glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person used a cutting board , knife and juicer to cut the orange in half .
juice the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added the pulp to the juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person cut the orange .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juiced into a glass .
the person added some pulp to the glass .
the person stirred the juice .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed ginger out the cabinet .
the person chopped ginger into little pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a piece of ginger from the pantry .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person used a knife and cutting board to chop the ginger .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person took out ginger and a cutting board .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person diced the ginger .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person set up a cutting board and a knife .
the person went over to a cabinet .
the person pulled out a piece of ginger .
the person cut the ginger in half , .
the person grated the skin off of the ginger .
the person finely chopped the ginger , .
nd washed his hands .
a young person came into kitchen .
the person took pad , knife and ginger .
the person made ginger into two pieces .
the person removed ginger skin .
the person thrown waste .
the person washed his hands with water .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got some ginger root .
the person cut a piece from the ginger root .
the person peeled the skin off of the ginger .
the person finely diced the ginger .
the person got ginger root from a cabinet .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person chopped the ginger .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a cutting board , knife , and ginger .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person diced a piece of the ginger .
the person removed ginger from the cabinet .
the person peeled a piece of the ginger .
the person sliced the ginger into small pieces .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person got some ginger .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person cut the ginger into small pieces .
the person took a piece of ginger .
the person began to peel a piece of ginger .
the person sliced the ginger into pieces .
the person chopped the slices of garlic .
the person took a piece of ginger out of the pantry .
the person cut a chunk off .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person diced the smaller chunk with a knife .
the person cut a piece of ginger in half .
the person peeled a piece of ginger .
the person cut a piece of ginger into strips .
the person minced these strips into very fine pieces .
the person took out a root of ginger .
the person peeled a smaller pice of the ginger over the counter .
the person chopped the peeled ginger .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a ginger .
the person placed the ginger on the cutting board .
the person peeled the ginger , .
the person sliced the ginger .
the person took out a knob of ginger from the pantry .
the person cut off a small piece , .
the person peeled the skin off with a vegetable peeler .
the person threw the skin in the trash , .
the person cut the ginger into slices .
the person chopped the ginger finely .
the person washed his hands .
the person cut off a section of stem ginger using a chopping board and knife .
the person peeled the stem ginger with a peeler .
the person sliced the ginger .
the person chopped the ginger finely .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got out a piece of ginger .
the person put a piece of ginger on a cutting board .
the person cut a piece of the ginger .
the person skinned the ginger .
the person began to cut the ginger into small pieces .
the person continued cutting until the ginger was minced .
the person placed a piece of ginger on a board .
the person finely diced the ginger .
the person cleaned off his hands .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person removed two pieces of ginger from the cabinet .
the person removed the outer layer from one piece of ginger .
the person chopped one piece of ginger into small pieces .
the person came in kitchen .
the person put out an orange from refrigerator .
the person also took a wood mat knife and a spoon .
the person gave a small cutting line on orange .
the person removed cover with spoon .
the person took a plate .
the person divided orange in four pieces .
the person washed knife spoon and mat .
the person put the knife spoon and mat in drawer .
the person used a knife to cut a slit in the peel .
the person placed a spoon inside the slit in the peel .
the person worked the spoon around the orange until the peel was no longer attached .
the person removed the peel .
the person sliced the orange into quarters .
the person placed the quarters on a plate .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange .
the person cut the skin .
the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange into quarters .
the person put the orange on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person first slit just the rind of the orange all over , by turning the orange along as he slit the rind .
the person inserted a spoon under the rind .
the person loosened the rind up .
thus loosened , the rind came off the orange like a lid .
the person cut the orange up vertically into four chunks .
the person skinned an orange .
the person sliced the orange .
the person placed the oranges on a plate .
the person got an orange from a fridge .
the person peeled the orange with a spoon and a knife .
the person cut the orange into quarters .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the orange .
the person sliced up the peeled orange .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person got out an orange .
the person peeled an orange .
the person cut an orange into fourths .
the person put the orange on a plate .
the person cleaned up the mess .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out an orange , a cutting board , a knife , and a spoon .
the person peeled the orange with the knife and spoon .
the person cut the orange into quarters .
the person cleaned the cutting board , knife , and spoon .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange into quarters .
the person put the dishes he used away .
the person took out an orange from the refrigerator .
the person removed the skin from the orange .
the person sliced the orange into fourths .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the orange using a spoon .
the person sliced the orange into little pieces .
the person placed the orange pieces on the white plate .
the person came .
the person took a orange , pad , spoon and knife .
the person made orange into pieces .
the person cleaned pad , knife , spoon with water and cloth .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board , knife and spoon from under the sink .
the person peeled the orange using the spoon .
the person sliced the orange into quarters .
the person placed the quarters onto a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out an orange , knife , spoon and cutting board .
the person sliced the peel of the orange .
the person removed the peel in one piece using the spoon .
the person quartered the orange .
the person placed the orange on a plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out an orange .
the person put an orange on a cutting board .
the person began to make a slit in an orange .
the person used a spoon to pry the skin off of the orange .
the person cut the orange into wedges .
the person transferred the wedges onto a plate .
the person cleaned up the area .
a prepared an orange by cutting the peel .
the person peeled the orange using a spoon .
the person cut the orange into four parts .
the person placed the orange on a plate .
the person washed the knife , spoon and cutting board .
the person put the knife , spoon and cutting board away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person separated the rind from the flesh .
the person cut the orange into four segments .
the person put the segments on a plate .
the person had made a cut completely round an orange with a knife .
the person used a spoon to remove the peel from an orange , .
the person removed the peel in two sections , .
the person quartered an orange .
the person displayed an orange on a plate .
the person washed up .
the person tidied the kitchen .
the person took an orange out of the fridge .
the person made a shallow cut all the way around with a knife .
the person used a spoon .
the person loosened the flesh away from the peel .
the person removed the peel , .
the person cut the orange into wedges .
the person washed all the kitchenware .
the person threw away the peel .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person took a bulb of ginger out of the cabinet , .
the person washed the bulb of ginger .
the person cut a bulb of ginger in half .
the person sliced the smaller half of the bulb of ginger .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person entered kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting boars , a knife and a ginger .
the person took a plate .
the person washed the ginger .
the person sliced a quarter of ginger , .
the person washed a quarter of ginger .
finely chopped a quarter of ginger .
the person cut about one inch of ginger piece from a larger ginger root .
the person washed the smaller piece .
the person sliced the ginger with a knife .
the person used them knife carefully , he chopped the slices into thin slivers .
the person transferred the ginger slivers to a plate .
the person took a large piece of ginger from the cupboard .
the person cut a piece of ginger off to work with .
the person finely chopped the ginger piece .
the person entered the kitche .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and a white plate .
the person retrieved some ginger from the cabinet/pantry only used half .
the person sliced the ginger thoroughly .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person left the knife on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person also got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a ginger root and plate from the pantry .
the person sliced the ginger .
the person put the ginger on a plate .
the person removed ginger from the cabinet .
the person sliced the ginger into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into a bowl .
the person cut off a chunk of ginger root .
the person rinsed the ginger root off .
the person cut the chunk in half .
the person sliced each half with the cut side down .
the person cut each slice into long thin strips .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a cutting board , knife , plate , and ginger .
the person cut a piece of the ginger , .
the person washed a piece of the ginger , .
the person sliced a piece of the ginger very thinly .
the person put the cut pieces onto the plate .
the person got a knife and a cutting board .
the person got ginger from a fridge .
the person sliced the ginger into matchstick shapes .
the person put the matchstick shapes of ginger on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a piece of ginger , plate , knife and cutting board .
the person set a piece of ginger , plate , knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person washed the plate and ginger , .
the person chopped the ginger .
the person finished , he set the chopped ginger on the plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person got some ginger .
the person sliced the ginger .
the person took out ginger .
the person washed the ginger .
the person cut the ginger .
the person placed the thin pieces of ginger onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a cutting board , knife , some ginger , and a bowl .
the person rinsed the bowl and a piece of the ginger he would use with water .
the person sliced the ginger in one direction , in another direction into small pieces .
the person put the usable ginger into the bowl .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person placed a cutting board .
the person sliced up ginger .
the person sliced more ginger , .
the person placed the ginger pieces on the plate .
the person took a ginger .
the person cut the ginger into thin slices .
the person cut the slices again .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person got ginger root out of the pantry .
the person cut a piece of the root .
the person put the rest back .
the person cut the piece he had into slices .
the person cut those slices into strips .
the person put those ginger slices on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person returned with a ginger root .
the person brought a plate from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a plate in the sink .
the person cut a small portion from the root .
the person returned the remainder to the cabinet .
the person rinsed the ginger .
the person julienned the ginger , .
the person placed the ginger on the plate .
the person came in .
the person set up a work station .
the person took out a root of ginger .
the person cut a chunk off .
the person skipped peeling the ginger , proceeded to roughly chop the ginger .
the person followed that , he julienned the ginger .
the person put the ginger on a plate .
the person took a ginger .
the person washed the ginger .
the person sliced the ginger into thin chips .
the person put the ginger on a plate .
the person cut a piece of ginger from a larger root .
first the person cut a piece of ginger in two .
the person cut a piece of ginger into smaller pieces .
the person cut those pieces into smaller slices .
the person put those slices on a plate .
the person prepared ginger for a meal .
the person cut off a chunk .
the person rinsed the ginger , .
the person sliced the ginger into thin slices .
the person placed the ginger onto a plate .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person got potatoes from a cabinet .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person chopped the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes on a plate .
the person removed several potatoes from the fridge .
the person peeled those potatoes .
the person sliced those potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes on a dish .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took two potatoes and a plate .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person placed a plate in a plate .
the person took out to potatoes .
the person took out a cutting board , two plates , and a peeler .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes into pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two potatoes , two plates , a peeler , knife and cutting board .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person diced the potatoes .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes on the white plates .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person peeled both potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes into many pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes in half .
the person sliced the halves .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person placed two plated and cutting board on the counter .
the person peeled the potatoes over one of the plates .
the person diced the potatoes .
the person put the diced on the other plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person washed two potatoes at the sink .
the person peeled two potatoes over a plate .
the person sliced two potatoes up on a cutting board .
the person placed the sliced up potatoes onto a second plate .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes into small pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person cut the peeled potatoes in half .
the person cut each potato half into slices .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person looked for potatoes .
the person took two out of the cabinets .
the person started to peel the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person finished .
the person placed the potatoes on a plate .
the person got out potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some potatoes , two plates , a knife and a peeler .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes on the cutting board .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person took two potatoes out .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person cut two potatoes into chunks .
the person put the chunks on a plate .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person got out two plates , a peeler , a knife and a cutting board .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes up on the cutting board .
the person put the potatoes on the plate .
the person obtained two potatoes , two plates , and a potato peeler .
the person also obtained a cutting board , and a knife .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes lengthwise .
into slices crosswise .
the person took a bag of carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person proceeded to cut up one carrot into small pieces .
the person cut the carrot into very small pieces .
the person obtained a carrot , .
the person cut the top off of a carrot , .
the person sliced a carrot into five parts .
the person cut the carrot into slices three separate times until all that remained was bunches of one eighth inch cubes .
the person cut the carrots into small cubes .
the person placed the carrots into a bowl .
the person cleaned the area .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced the carrot into little pieces .
the person placed the carrot pieces onto the plate .
the person got a carrot from a fridge .
the person diced the carrot with a knife .
the person diced the carrot with a knife .
the person took out a cutting board and a carrot .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the carrot .
the person put the pieces of carrot into a bowl .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got some carrots .
the person put a carrot in the sink , .
the person rinsed a carrot off .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the others back .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person switched cutting boards , .
the person cut the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot , .
the person cut the carrot , .
the person put the carrot in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a carrot , knife and cutting board .
the person cut the carrot into large pieces .
the person cut those into smaller pieces .
the person put the small pieces in a bowl .
the person opened a package of carrots .
the person removed one carrot .
the person chopped the carrot on a cutting board .
the person placed the chopped carrot on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person took out a small bowl .
the person put the chopped carrot in a small bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed one of the carrots .
the person diced one of the carrots .
the person put the diced carrot in a small bowl .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut a carrot .
the person cut the carrot into chunks .
the person cut each chunk into square slices .
the person sliced each square into strips .
the person chopped each strip into tiny cubes .
the person rinsed a carrot in the sink .
the person sliced the carrots into many small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got carrots from the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrots , .
the person trimmed the carrots .
the person cut the rest of the carrots into tiny pieces .
the person finished that he put the pieces into a bowl .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person used two different cutting boards and a small , sharp knife to chop a carrot .
first , the person cut the top off , .
the person cut a carrot into large round discs .
the person thinly sliced each disc , .
the person chopped each piece into small chunks .
the person scooped all of the carrot pieces into a small white bowl .
the person cut a carrot into inch long chunks .
the person cut the chunks into slices .
the person cut the slices into strips .
the person cut the strips into tiny bits .
the person washed a carrot .
the person cut the end from the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person selected a carrot .
the person washed a carrot .
the person diced the carrot finely on a cutting board .
the person put the chopped carrot in a bowl .
the person took out a carrot .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut up the carrot .
the person grabbed some carrots .
the person washed one carrot off .
the person put the rest away .
the person sliced the carrot he kept .
the person placed the tiny carrot pieces on a plate .
the person washed his hands .
the person removed carrots from a bag .
the person placed the carrots on a cutting board .
the person sliced the carrot , .
the person chopped the carrot , .
the person placed the carrot in a bowl .
the person entered into kitchen .
the person took out a peeler from drawer .
the person took a mango , kinfe and plates .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the mango into small pieces .
the person kept the small pieces in third plate .
the person washed the used things , .
the person thrown wastes into dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person wiped his hands with napkin .
the person got a mango from a fridge .
the person peeled the mango with a knife .
the person sliced the mango into chunks .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took peeler , knife , mango , and plates .
the person made mango into pieces .
the person cleaned plates and hands .
the person skinned a mango .
the person diced a mango .
the person put the mango on a plate .
the person quartered a pineapple .
the person cut a pineapple into chunks .
the person put the chunks on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the mango with a knife .
the person sliced the mango into tiny pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer full of utensils .
the person pulled out a can opener first .
the person returned a can opener to the drawer .
the person removed a peeler instead .
the person walked to the refrigerator , .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a mango .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a mango .
the person cut the mango into small pieces .
the person put the mango on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person removed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the mango .
the person sliced the mango up , .
the person placed the mango on a plate .
the person took out a peeler , three plates , and one mango .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut up the mango .
the person rinsed the dishes .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a mango , peeler , knife and plates .
the person peeled the mango , .
the person cut around the core .
the person diced the pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person took three plates out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the mango , .
the person sliced the mango .
the person diced the mango onto the three plates .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a mango , two plates , and a peeler .
the peeler would n't work on the mango , .
so the person switched to a knife .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the mango into small bite sized pieces .
the person rinsed off the dishes .
the person threw away the peels .
the person set the dishes and knife out to dry .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person used a sharp kitchen knife to peel off the skin .
the person sliced the mango up into bite-size pieces .
the person cleaned the dishes he had used to prepare the mango .
the person cut up a mango by peeling a mango with a knife , .
the person cut a mango into chucks .
the person reduced the chucks to dice sized pieces .
the person cleaned up the utensils he had used .
the person peeled a mango with a knife .
the person sliced the mango into pieces .
the person cut the pieces even smaller .
the person used three plates to peel the mango .
the person removed the meat of the fruit .
the person sliced the meat on a clean plate .
the person cleaned his plates , .
the person disposed of his trash .
the person got a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the mango 's skin off with a knife .
the person sliced the mango with the knife .
the person cleaned up his self .
the person took out plates and a mango .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the mango .
the person put the mango pieces onto a new plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person used a knife to cut the peel off the mango .
the person cut the mango into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person took a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person peeled a kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into pieces .
the person left the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person used a knife and peeler to slice a kiwi .
the person used a peeler to peel that first half .
to slice the kiwi .
the person used a knife the peel the remaining kiwi half .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person cut a kiwi in half .
the person peeled one half with the vegetable peeler .
the person sliced one half .
the person peeled the other half with the knife , .
also sliced the other half .
the person left the slices on the cutting board .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got out knife and cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got a kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person removed the skin .
the person cut the fruit into smaller pieces .
the person took out a cutting board and kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into thin slices .
the person cut a kiwi in half .
the person peeled both halves .
the person cut the peeled kiwi into small pieces .
the person placed a cutting board on the table .
the person got out a kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi in half , .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi up some more , .
the person pushed the cutting board forward .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a kiwi , cutting board , and knife .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person peeled a kiwi in a kitchen .
the person cut one half in two pieces , .
the other half into equal sized slices .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person peeled the kiwi halves .
the person diced the kiwi halves .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person acquired a kiwi , peeler , knife and cutting board .
the person cut the kiwi in half , .
the person peeled each side .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person took out all of the utensils needed .
the person took a kiwi out of the fridge .
the person cut a kiwi in half .
the person peeled one side with peelers and the other with a knife .
the person cut the kiwi into small pieces .
the person left the small pieces on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a kiwi from the fridge .
the person cut a kiwi in half .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi into small pieces .
the person retrieved a cutting board , a knife , and a vegetable peeler from drawers in a kitchen .
the person took a kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person cut the kiwi in half .
the person peeled each half .
the person cut each half into slices .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi in half , .
the person peeled each half .
the person sliced each half .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person cut a kiwi in half using a a knife from a drawer .
the person removed the skin of the kiwi using a peeler he took out of a drawer .
once the kiwi 's skin had been removed , the person sliced the kiwi into pieces .
the person took some herbs from the fridge and counter .
the person cut the herbs up .
the person scraped the herbs into a bowl .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person cut a kiwi in half with a knife .
the person peeled the skin off .
the person removed all of the skin , he sliced the kiwi into small pieces .
the person removed a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person placed a kiwi on a cutting board .
the person cut a kiwi in half .
the person peeled a kiwi .
the person cut a kiwi into slices .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person used a juicer with the orange .
the person poured the orange juice into the drinking glass .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person placed a juicer on the counter .
the person chose an orange from a bag .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person retrieved all of the juice from the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced each half of the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person sliced an orange .
the person juiced an orange .
the person removed the lid of juicer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange and a juicer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person used the juicer to juice both halves .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person place a fruit juice extractor on the counter top .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person squeezed the juice out of each half .
the person discarded the rinds .
the person poured the juice into a glass a glass he found in the cabinet .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person twisted each orange half onto the juicer .
the person squeezed the juice from the orange halves .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person took a juicer out of a drawer .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person got a juicer from the drawer .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person cut the orange .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person grabbed an orange .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person juiced the two halves by squeezing the two halves .
the person twisted the two halves .
the person obtained a hand juicer , a knife , and an orange .
the person cut the orange in half with a knife .
the person pressed down each half .
the person drained both halves .
the person drained each half into the juicer .
the person discarded the orange shell .
last of all the person discarded the juicer bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person pulled out a juicer .
the person extracted juice from two orange halves .
the person left dirtied dishes in the sink .
the person poured the orange juice into a glass .
the person cut an orange in the kitchen .
the person juiced both halves of the orange .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person juiced both halves .
the person poured the orange juice into a glass .
the person got a juicer from a drawer .
the person got an orange from a fridge .
the person juiced the orange on the juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person cut a fresh orange in half .
the person used a manual juicer to extract the juice from each half .
the person added the pulp .
the person discarded the seeds .
the person placed the two piece juicer in the sink .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person cut the orange into half .
the person extracted the juice from the orange with the juicer .
person entered the kitchen , .
the person located a knife , juicer and an orange .
the person cut the orange in half with the knife .
the person juiced the orange .
the person retrieved a glass from the cabinet .
the person poured the juice in .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person squeezed the orange to make juice .
the person included pulp into his recipe .
the person took out a glass .
the person poured himself orange juice .
the person poured a juice in a glass .
the person put the pulp in the juice .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person took an avocado from the fridge .
the person pitted the avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into cubes .
the person cut an avocado into two .
the person peeled the skin off .
the person cut each half vertically into two again .
the person chopped each half up into smaller chunks , approximately an inch in width and length .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an avocado , knife and cutting board .
the person pitted the avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into medium-sized chunks .
the person entered in kitchen .
the person took an avocado , cutter board and knife from kitchen .
the person made avocado into two vertical half .
the person removed the pit and peel of avocado , .
the person discarded the peel of avocado .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person chopped into small pieces .
the person sliced an avocado in two parts .
the person also peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado halves in tiny parts .
the person removed an avocado from a refrigerator .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person removed the seed , .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled an avacado from the fridge .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the avacado in half .
the person removed the seed .
the person peeled off the outer layer of skin .
once the person had removed the outer layer of skin , .
the person sliced the avacado into fourths and into a bunch of smaller pieces .
the person took out an avocado and cutting board .
the person deseeded the avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into little chunks .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person peeled the avocado with a peeler and his hands .
the person sliced the rest of the avocado on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person threw away the pit .
the person removed the skin with his hands .
the person threw the skins in the waste bin .
the person diced the avocado on a cutting board .
the person got an avocado out of the fridge .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person diced the avocado .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an avocado from the fridge .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person threw away the pit .
the person peeled the skin off of the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into smaller bits .
the person got a avocado from a refrigerator .
the person seeded the avocado with a knife .
the person peeled the avocado with his hands .
the person diced the avocado with the knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired an avocado , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the avocado in half , .
the person removed the seed and peel .
the person diced the avocado .
the person took an avocado out of the fridge , .
the person put an avocado on a cutting board .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person removed the pit , .
the person peeled the two halves .
the person threw away the skin .
the person cut the avocado into cubes .
the person ate a piece .
the person cut open an avocado .
the person threw the pit away .
the person sliced the avocado on the cutting board .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado into small pieces .
the person got out an avocado .
the person cut an avocado down the middle .
the person pried an avocado apart .
the person dug out the pit .
the person washed his hands , .
the person peeled both halves of the fruit .
the avocado was peeled , the person chopped it roughly .
the person got an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced the avocado around the pit .
the person took the pit out of the avocado .
the person skinned the avocado halves .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person split the avocado in half .
the person removed the skin .
the person rinsed his fingers .
the person finished by cutting the avocado into cubes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person salted the pot .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person turned on the burner .
the person got a stem of broccoli out of the fridge .
the person cut the florets from the stem .
the person put the florets in the pot .
the person threw the broccoli stem and plastic wrap in the garbage .
the person added water and salt to a pot .
the person turned on the stove with the pot on top to preheat the water .
the person cut a broccoli into smaller pieces without the stem .
the person put the broccoli inside the pot .
the person cooked a broccoli .
the person cleaned the counter with a dampened cloth .
the person was preparing to boil broccoli .
the person cut the necessary pieces .
the person put away the good pieces .
the person put the broccoli pieces into a boiling pot .
the person rinsed his hands off .
the person placed salt and water in a pot on the stove .
the person chopped up half a head of broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in the hot water .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person got a head of broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a head of broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in the pot .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person filled a pan with water .
the person put salt in the water .
the person cut fresh broccoli to cook .
the person put the broccoli in the pan of water .
the person put a saucepan with water on the stove .
the person took a broccoli .
the person chopped a broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in the water .
the person gathered a pot and a head broccoli .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person chopped the broccoli , .
the person put the broccoli in the pot .
the person gathered a pot and a head broccoli .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person chopped broccoli into two pieces .
the person placed the broccoli into the pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person separated broccoli into individual pieces .
the person placed these pieces into the pot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a pot from underneath the stove .
the person put water and salt in the pot , .
the person covered the pot .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person took a stalk for broccoli from the refrigerator , .
the person cut away the stem .
the person cut the broccoli in half .
the person put the other half back in the refrigerator .
the person cut one half into large cut .
the person put the large cut into the pot .
the person cleaned the work area .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person got broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person cut the broccoli into chunks .
the person placed the broccoli in the pot of water .
the person placed a pot of water on the stove .
the person chopped fresh broccoli into pieces .
the person placed the broccoli in the pot .
the person waited for the broccoli to boil .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person chopped up half of a head of broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in the pot of water .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a pot and lid .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person added salt .
the person took out a head of broccoli , .
the person washed a head of broccoli .
the person cut a head of broccoli in half .
the person cut one of the halves into small segments , .
the person added the pieces into the pot .
the person got broccoli from a fridge .
the person cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person put the broccoli in a pot of water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a pot on the counter .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put a seasoning into the water .
the person took some broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced some broccoli on the cutting board .
the person put the broccoli in the pot .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person leaned over the pot .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person rinsed the broccoli , .
the person cut the broccoli into small chunks , .
the person placed the broccoli into the pot .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person got out some broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli , .
the person cut the broccoli up .
the person placed the broccoli in the water to boil .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a pot .
the person filled a pot with water and seasoning .
the person took out some broccoli , .
the person rinsed some broccoli , .
the person cut some broccoli .
the person put the usable piece into the pot .
the person threw the scraps away .
the person cleaned up the area .
the person put a pot of water on to boil .
the person chopped broccoli .
the person added the broccoli to the water .
the person watched the pot for a boil .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pot , cutting board , and knife out .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person got a head of broccoli from the fridge .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person added the broccoli pieces to the pot of water .
the person filled a pot of water .
the person put a pot onto the stove top .
the person chopped up half of a head of broccoli .
the person put the pieces into the water on the stove .
the person cleaned up the remaining pieces from the counter .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person added some salt to the water .
the person boiled the water .
the person chopped up some broccoli .
the person placed some broccoli into the pot .
the person cleaned up his work area .
the person stood by the pot and waited .
the person got a plum out .
the person got out a knife and plate .
the person cut the plum into the bowl .
the person washed the plum .
the person sliced the plum into pieces .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person took out a plum and plate .
the person washed the plum .
the person cut the plum into several pieces .
the person removed the seed .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person used a knife to cut the plum into pieces over a bowl .
the person threw away the pit .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person rinsed the plum .
the person took out a knife and a plate .
the person cut the plum in half .
the person cut the plum again to make quarters .
the person cut a plum in half .
the person cut each half into further halves .
the person got a plum from a fridge .
the person sliced the plum in his hand .
the person put the seed in the trash .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person cleaned the plum .
the person gathered the necessary tools to cut a plum .
the person cut a plum into wedges .
the person was done he threw the pit away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person cut the pit out of the plum .
the person placed the pieces of plum on the plate .
the person reached for the refrigerator in a kitchen .
in a drawer in the refrigerator the person found a plum .
the person used a knife to quarter the plum .
the person placed the plum pieces in a saucer or bowl .
the person threw the pit in the trash .
the person gathered a plum .
the person rinsed a plum off .
the person sliced the plum in half .
the person removed a inedible center portion .
the person sliced the halves of the plum .
the person placed the halves of the plum on a plate .
the person discarded the inedible center portion of the plum .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plum .
the person washed a plum .
the person got a knife and a plate .
the person cut the plum , avoiding the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person pulled a peach out of the fridge .
the person washed the peach .
de-pitted the peach .
the person also divided the peach up .
the person placed the peach in a bowl .
the person rinsed the plum under running water .
the person cut the plum into pieces .
the person removed the pit .
a black dressed and brown hair person entered in clean kitchen .
the person took a tomato from refrigerator .
the person washed tomato .
the person also took a knife and a small plate from cupboard .
the person divided tomato in four pieces .
the person put garbage in dustbin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person found a peach to snack on .
the person proceeded to cut a peach up .
a short process of preparing the fruit , the person discarded the pit .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a plum , bowl and knife .
the person cut the plum in half , .
the person halved each side of the plum .
the person removed the seed .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a piece of fruit from the refrigerator .
the person cut up the piece of fruit with a knife .
the person skinned the plum .
the person placed a plum in a bowl .
the person disposed of unwanted remains .
the person went into a kitchen .
the person prepared toaster .
the person made toast .
the person removed the toast , .
the person sat the toast on the counter .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person made some toast .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person moved the toaster over .
the person grabbed bread out of refrigerator .
the person placed two slices into the toaster .
the person grabbed a plate to place the toast on .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person inserted two slices of bread into the toaster .
the main waited patiently for the toast to finish .
the person plated the toast .
the person left the toast on the counter .
the cook removed some bread from a pantry .
the person took two pieces of bread .
the person put two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread , .
the person placed the bread on a plate .
the person placed the plate on the front counter .
person used a toaster to toast two slices of bread .
person put the two slices on the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person put two slices of bread in .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person took two slices of bread out of the cabinet .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person toasted the two slices of bread .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person got bread from a cabinet .
the person put two pieces of bread in a toaster .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person got out a loaf of sliced white bread , .
the person took two slices from the bag , .
the person made toast .
the person put the slices on a small white plate .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person took two slices of bread from a loaf in the cabinet .
the person proceeded to toast two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person grabbed two pieces of bread from a loaf .
the person placed pieces of bread in .
the person waited for his bread .
the person plated the bread the bread finished .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person moved the food .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person retrieved bread from a cabinet , .
the person put two slices in the toaster .
the person got a plate from another cabinet , .
the person waited for a bit .
the person turned the toaster dial .
the toast popped up , .
the person set the toast on a plate .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person put two slices on a plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person moved the plate from one counter to the other counter .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person took bread from the cabinet .
the person put two slices in the toaster .
by adjusting the setting on the toaster , .
the person made perfectly golden toast .
the person plugged in the toaster , .
the person got a loaf of bread , .
the person put two slices in the toaster .
the person put the bag away , .
the person got out a plate .
the person waited for the toast to pop .
the toast did , .
the person put the slices on a plate , .
unplugged the toaster , .
the person put the plate on the counter in front of the camera .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person placed the slices of toast onto a plate .
the person walked into the room .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person put bread into the toaster .
the person got a plate .
the person waited for the toaster to finish .
the person put the bread onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a loaf of bread .
the person began preparing toast in the nearby toaster , .
the person returned the loaf of bread to the cupboard .
the person retrieved the finished toast , .
the person placed the toast on a small plate .
left in on kitchen counter .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person got a carrot .
the person rinsed off the carrot .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a knife , a cutting board , and a peeler .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot in the center .
the person cut the carrot .
the person rinsed a carrot in the sink .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person threw the peelings away .
the person cut the carrots .
the person got a carrot from a fridge .
the person peeled the carrot with a peeler .
the person diced the carrot with a knife .
the person took out a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into many pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a carrot , peeler , knife and cutting board .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot off in the sink .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a carrot .
the person washed a carrot under the tap .
the person peeled off the carrot .
the person cut the peeled carrot into small pieces .
the person took out a carrot and cutting board .
the person washed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person diced the carrot .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a carrot out of the fridge .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person chopped a carrot into pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person brought a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person trimmed the carrot with a knife .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person discarded the peelings into the bin .
the person diced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person got a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot under the faucet .
the person got a cutting board , knife and peeler from a drawer .
the person cut off the ends .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person put the ends and peelings in the garbage .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person got a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot , .
the person cut off the ends .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person chopped up the carrot .
the person grabbed a carrot from the fridge .
the person rinsed a carrot in the sink .
the person collected a cutting board , knife , and shaver .
the person shaved the skin off the carrot .
the person discarded the skin in the trash .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person cut the ends from a carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into chunks .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed one carrot from a refrigerator .
the person proceeded to wash one carrot .
the person peeled one carrot thoroughly .
the person cut the carrot into slices .
the person stood their talking to some unknown person .
the person grabbed a carrot .
the person washed a carrot off .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person trashed the carrot peelings .
the person diced the carrot .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person took out a yellow colored bell pepper .
the person washed a yellow colored bell pepper .
the person cut a yellow colored pepper into half vertically .
the person removed the insides completely .
the person cut each half into six vertical pieces .
the person removed the pepper stem .
the person discarded the pepper stem , ribs , and seeds .
the person sliced the pepper vertically with each slice an approximate width of an half-inch .
a taste , .
the person stored the remaining slices on a plate for .
the person took a pepper out .
the person deseeded the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person moved the sliced peppers to a plate .
for some reason , the person put the whole plate into the cabinet .
the person cut a pepper in half .
the person cut the seeds and white part out of each half .
the person sliced each half into long thing strips .
the person took a pepper from the cupboard .
the person washed a pepper .
the person cut the pepper into several pieces .
the person put the pepper back into the cupboard he cut the pepper .
the person rinsed the pepper , .
the person cut the pepper in half , .
the person removed the seeds , .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person sliced the pepper into thin strips , .
the person placed the pepper on a plate .
the person put the pepper in the pantry .
the person took out a pepper from the fridge .
the person cut the pepper .
the person gutted the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person put the pepper into the fridge .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced a pepper on a cutting board .
the person placed a pepper on a white plate .
the person placed the sliced pepper back into the cabinet .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a pepper , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the pepper , .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the membrane .
the person sliced each pepper half .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person cut a pepper in half .
the person removed the stem .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person put the pepper on a plate .
the person placed a bell pepper on a cutting board .
the person cut the pepper into strips .
the person placed the pepper on a plate .
the person put the plate away .
the person rinsed a pepper .
the person carved out the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper in slivers .
the person refrigerated the pepper .
the person took out a pepper .
the person sliced the pepper into pieces .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person put the plate into a cabinet .
the person took out a pepper and a cutting board .
the person washed the pepper .
the person deseeded the pepper .
the person cut the pepper .
the person put the pepper into the cabinet .
the person selected an orange pepper .
the person rinsed an orange pepper .
the person used a knife to cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the seeds and white part .
the person slice each half into strips .
the person cut a pepper in halves with a knife .
the person removed the inside membrane with the knife .
the person cut the pepper into slices .
the person put the pepper on a plate .
the person put the plate in the cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pepper , knife , and cutting board .
the person cleaned the seeds out of the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper into pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person put the pieces in the pantry .
the person got a pepper from a fridge .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person sliced the pepper into strips .
the person put the pepper on a plate .
the person put the pepper in the fridge .
the person got a yellow pepper from the pantry .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person removed the seeds .
the person cut the pepper halved into strips .
the person put the strips on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pepper from the cupboard .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person seeded the pepper .
the person placed the trimmings and seeds into a waste bin .
the person sliced the pepper on a cutting board .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person ate one slice .
the person put the plate into the cupboard .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a pepper .
the person sliced the pepper , .
the person placed the pepper on a plate .
the person placed the plate in the cabinet .
the person took a leafy vegetable with long stalks from the refrigerator .
the person washed the stalks .
the person cut the leafy part finely .
the person threw away the stalks .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired several stalks of a green vegetable , .
the person washed several stalks of a green vegetable , .
the person chopped the leafy parts on a cutting board .
the person discarded the stalks .
the person obtained a bunch of herbs from his refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink , .
the person obtained a knife from the drawer .
the person proceeded to cut the herbs .
the person got a few stalks of parsley from the refrigerator .
the person diced a few stalks of parsley very finely .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out some herbs .
the person placed the herbs on a cutting board .
the person chopped up the herbs .
the person took out herbs , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person chopped the tops of the herbs .
the person threw away the stalks .
a female walked into the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person located a bushel of herbs on the top shelf .
the person washed the herbs .
the person cut the leaves very thin .
the person removed the stemmed .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed herbs out the fridge .
the person sliced the herbs on a cutting board .
the person took herbs out of the fridge .
the person washed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person removed a bunch of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person washed the herbs .
the person sliced the leave of the herbs into small pieces .
the person discarded the herb stemmed .
the person took the herb .
the person washed the herb .
the person squeezed the extra water from the herb .
with help of a knife and cutting board cut the leaf portion .
the person threw away the stem into waste bin .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a handful of herbs out of the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person diced the herbs on the cutting board .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person retrieved a bunch of herbs out of the fridge .
the person washed the herbs , .
finely chopped the leaves .
the person threw out the stemmed .
the person took the herbs from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person cut the herbs into small slices .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person grabbed some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person cut the herbs into small pieces .
the person removed the stemmed from the herbs .
the person threw the stemmed into the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bundle of fresh herbs from the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the herbs into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person took parsley from the refridgerator .
the person washed the parsley in the sink .
the person placed a cutting board on the table .
the person took a knife from the counter .
the person chopped up the parsley on the cutting board .
the person got fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person washed the herbs .
the person chopped up the herbs .
the person got herbs from a fridge .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person washed vegetables in the sink .
the person sliced the vegetables carefully .
the person threw the scraps into the garbage .
the person got a bunch of herbs .
the person cleaned the herbs thoroughly .
the person cut the herbs carefully .
the person took a bundle of parsley leaved .
the person washed a bundle of parsley leaved .
the person chopped a bundle of parsley leaved .
the person thoroughly chopped a pineapple .
the person first cut off the outer layer of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into little chunks .
the person washed knives , cutting boards , and bowled .
the person enjoyed eating the pineapple .
the person took a pineapple out of the refrigerator .
the person skinned the pineapple .
the person cored the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into chunks .
the person placed the chunks on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a pineapple .
the person sliced a pineapple into pieces .
the person washed all utensils .
the person placed the utensils back to the place .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a pineapple .
the person sliced a pineapple into pieces .
the person washed all utensils .
the person placed all utensils back to the place .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took pineapple fron the refrigerator .
the person peeled the skin of the fruit .
the person cut the fruit into pieces .
the person washed the utensils .
the person placed the utensils back to place .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a pineapple , two cutting boards , two knives , a plate and bowl .
the person cut the pineapple into thirds , .
the person peeled each third , .
de-cored the pieces .
the person diced the pieces .
the person put the pieces onto the plate .
the person peeled a pineapple .
the person cored the pineapple .
the person cut the pine apple in to chunks .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a fresh pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person removed the top , .
the person used two knifes and a cutting board to remove the rind .
core firred the top third and the remaining pineapple .
the person diced the pineapple .
the person arranged the pineapple on a plate , .
the person washed up .
the person left the room .
the person cut the skin off of a pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into small pieces .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person took a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person cut a pineapple open .
the person removed the middle .
the person sliced a pineapple into circles .
the person cut a pineapple into pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled a pineapple out of the fridge .
the person sliced the pineapple into little pieces .
the person placed the sliced pineapple pieces onto the plate .
the person cut the rind off of the pineapple .
the person cored the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple sliced into chunks .
the person skinned a pineapple .
the person diced a pineapple into piece .
the person placed all of the diced pineapple on a plate .
the person had a bite once he finished preparing the pineapple .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person placed the fruit on a cutting board , .
the person took out a knife .
the person split the pineapple into two pieces .
the person de-husked the top portion , .
the person sliced the the top portion .
the person diced the top portion .
the person placed a top portion onto another rounded cutting board .
the person placed the entire sliced fruit onto a plate .
the person cleaned the boards , .
the person sampled the sliced fruit .
the person exited the kitchen .
the person peeled a pineapple .
the person removed the core .
the person sliced the pineapple into pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the pineapple into chunks .
the person put the chunks on a plate .
the person left the kitchen .
the person took a pineapple out of the refrigerator .
the person used a large knife and a small knife to skin the pineapple , .
core the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person cleaned up the mess they made , .
the person left the kitchen carrying a plate of fresh pineapple slices .
the person got a pineapple from a fridge .
the person skinned the pineapple .
the person cored the pineapple .
the person chopped the pineapple .
the person put the pineapple on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person used a knife to carve up the pineapple .
the person was done he cleaned up the kitchen .
the person began to eat the fruit .
a young person entered a kitchen .
the person retrieved a fresh pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person placed a fresh pineapple on a wooden cutting board .
the person proceeded to cut a fresh pineapple into thirds .
the person cut the outer shell off the thirds .
the person sliced each of the three pieces .
the person quartered each slice .
the person chopped some broccoli .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person sauteed the broccoli .
the person entered a kitchen , .
the person opened the fridge , .
the person grabbed some broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli on a cutting board with a knife .
the person boiled the broccoli in a pot .
once the broccoli was boiled the person put the broccoli on a pan .
the person cooked the broccoli on the stove stirring .
seasoned the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person switched on the stove .
the person put some salt and pepper .
the person mixed some salt and pepper well .
the person chopped broccoli into small pieces .
the person cooked the broccoli in a pot of boiling water .
last the person removed the broccoli from the water , .
the person took the strainer of broccoli from the sink .
the person fried the broccoli for a short time in a frying pan .
the person seasoned the broccoli .
the person plated the cooked broccoli to be served .
the person took the broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person boiled some water in a covered vessel .
the person boiled the vegetables .
the person fried in a pan .
the person sprinkled salt and pepper to taste .
the person chopped broccoli .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person sauteed wine in a skillet .
the person added the broccoli .
some salt to the broccoli .
the person put the finished product on a plate .
the video started off by showing the person taking out of the utensils needed to prepare the food .
this video showed the person preparing the broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli dish .
the person got broccoli from a fridge .
the person blanched the broccoli in a pot .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person sauteed the broccoli in a frying pan .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a head of broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person placed a pot of water on the stove to boil .
the person cut the broccoli into bite sized pieces .
a few minutes , the person drained the broccoli .
the person added the broccoli to a hot fry pan .
the person finished cooking the broccoli by stir frying .
the person cut some broccoli up .
lightly steamed the broccoli in a pot .
the person lightly stir-fried the broccoli on the stove in a pan .
the person put the finished broccoli on a plate .
the person chopped a head of broccoli into small pieces using a large knife and a cutting board .
the person put the broccoli in boiling water to cook for a couple minutes .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person added the broccoli to a hot frying pan with olive oil to finish cooking .
the person took a broccoli .
the person cut a broccoli into pieces .
the person cooked the broccoli with water .
the person added some oil to pan .
the person fried the broccoli with salt and pepper .
the person transferred the fried broccoli to a plate .
the person boiled broccoli .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person added spices for flavor .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person boiled the broccoli using the pot .
the person cooked the broccoli using the frying pan .
the person placed the broccoli onto the white plate .
the person took a broccoli .
the person cut a broccoli into pieces .
the person cooked the pieces with water in a stove .
the person added some oil to pan .
the person fried the broccoli .
the person added some salt and pepper to the broccoli .
the person transferred the broccoli to a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person prepared a stalk of broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person seasoned the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate .
the person cut a broccoli crown into small pieces .
the person blanched the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli into a skillet .
sauteed the broccoli .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some broccoli , a knife , cutting board and colander .
the person cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in a pan .
sauteed the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person cut up broccoli .
the person steamed the broccoli in a small pot .
meanwhile , the person heated a small amount of oil in a frying pain .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person fried the broccoli in the frying pan .
the person added salt and spices .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person sliced the broccoli into individual pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the boiling water .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in the pan .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person put the cooked broccoli onto the plate .
the person entered in a clean kitchen .
the person took a carrot from refrigerator .
the person took also a knife and wood mat from drawer .
the person put garbage in dustbin .
the person washed carrot .
the person divided carrot in small pieces .
the person removed a carrot from the fridge .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the carrot width-wise .
the person washed a carrot .
the person cut off the tips .
the person cut the carrot into discs , each approximately three millimeter thick .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife out .
the person sliced the carrot into small pieces .
the person took out a carrot and cutting board .
the person rinsed the carrot under the faucet .
the person thinly sliced the carrot .
the person got a carrot from a fridge , and got a cutting board and knife .
the person washed the carrot , .
the person cut off the tip .
the person cut the carrot into tiny pieces .
the person wiped off the blade .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board knife from drawers .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut sliced the carrot into pieces .
the person took a carrot out of the fridge .
the person rinsed a carrot off .
the person used a knife and cut off the stem end of the carrot .
the person threw the stem end away in the trash .
the person sliced the carrot into medallions .
the person took out a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person cut the entire carrot into many slices .
the person used a chopping board and knife to trim the ends from a carrot .
the person discarded the ends into a waste bin .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into fine slices .
the person got a carrot and a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into rounds .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person picked a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a carrot .
on a large cutting board , the person cut the ends from the carrot .
the person threw the ends of the carrot away .
the person proceeded to cut the carrot into slices .
the person got a carrot from a fridge .
the person washed the carrot in a sink .
the person cut off the ends of the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot with a knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a carrot , a knife , and a cutting board out .
the person placed the knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed the carrot thoroughly .
the person very carefully sliced the carrot .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person put a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person washed a carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces with the knife .
the person removed a knife to chop the carrot .
the person placed a carrot on a cutting board .
the person sliced the carrot into tiny circles .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a carrot out the fridge .
the person sliced the carrot into little pieces .
the person gathered a carrot , cutting board , and a knife .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut both ended from the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into slices .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a carrot , knife and cutting board .
the person washed the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a vegetable out of the cabinet .
the person washed the vegetable .
the person cut off the stalk .
the person chopped the vegetable .
the person put the vegetable on a plate .
the person washed a leek , .
the person cut off the end , .
the person peeled a leek , .
the person washed a leek again .
the person sliced a leek into small pieces .
the person placed a leek onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a leek out of the pantry .
the person cut off the root and the leaves .
the person discarded the root and the leaves .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person diced both halves .
the person placed the diced leek on a plate .
a young person came into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board a plate a knife and a vegetable .
the person thoroughly rinsed the vegetable .
the person prepped the vegetable to be chopped .
the person finely chopped the vegetable .
the person put in the vegetable on a plate .
the person took out a leek and cutting board .
the person peeled the leek .
the person washed the leek .
the person diced the leek into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board , knife and plate on the counter .
the person took a leek from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a leek in the sink .
the person trimmed the root .
outer leaves from the leek .
the person washed the leek .
the person diced the white of the leek into a thin chop .
the person placed the chopped leeks on the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , plate , and leeks .
the person capped the leeks .
the person put the leeks on a plate .
the person retrieved a knife , cutting board , plate , and leek .
the person placed a knife , cutting board , plate , and leek on the the counter .
the person cut the ends off the leek .
the person washed the leek .
the person cut the leek in half lengthwise .
the person sliced the leek in half .
the person cut the leek into small slices .
the person put the leek on a plate .
the person took a leek from the fridge .
the person rinsed a leek .
the person removed the leaves .
the person cut the leek stalk in half .
the person chopped the stalk into small pieces .
the person cut the roots .
the person peeled the leaves of a leek .
the person cut the remaining leaves .
the person sliced the leek in half .
the person cut the leek into small sizable pieces .
the person transferred the cut leek onto a plate .
the person cleaned the leek .
the person cut both ends .
the person removed both ends .
the person removed loose `` leaves '' .
the person chopped up the leek into very small pieces .
the person trimmed a leek .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person sliced both leek halves .
the person retrieved a cutting board , kitchen knife , plate , and a leek .
the person sliced the leak in half longways cutting the leafy end off .
the person placed each half on the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person placed some food preparation utensils on the counter .
the person than cleaned the leak .
the person placed the leek on the cutting board .
the person than sliced the leek into very small pieces .
the person put the leek on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person got a leek from the cabinet .
the person sliced a leek .
the person moved the sliced leek from the cutting board to the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out some leeks .
the person prepared to cut some leeks .
the person sliced the stemmed .
the person placed the sliced leeks on a plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife , .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the table .
the person removed a leek and plate , .
the person placed the plate on the table .
the person rinsed off the leek , .
the person chopped the leek .
the person placed the chopped leek on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and a stalk of leek .
the person removed the outer part , .
the person chopped off the leaves .
the person washed a stalk of leek .
the person cut a stalk of leek long ways .
the person sliced up both halves .
the person placed a stalk of leek on a plate finished .
the person got a leek from a fridge .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person chopped the leek .
the person put the leek on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person acquired a cutting board , knife , plate , and a leek .
the person washed the leek , .
the person cut off the root , .
the person peeled the stalks , .
the person washed the leeks again .
the person chopped the leek up , first lengthwise in half , into small pieces , .
the person put the pieces onto the plate .
the person took out a large vegetable .
the person peeled part of the vegetable off .
the person washed the vegetable .
the person sliced the vegetable into small pieces .
the person placed the small pieces onto a plate .
the person entered .
the person took out a leek , a cutting board , a knife , and a plate .
the person chopped off the root of the leek .
the person stripped the dark leaves .
the person chopped the center of the leek .
the person put the leek on the plate .
the person got bread from the fridge .
the person washed his hands .
the person sliced the bread .
the person put the bread on a plate .
the person cleaned up the mess .
the person got a loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person cut two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person put the loaf back in the bag .
the person dumped the bread crumbs off the cutting board into the trash .
the person took a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person gathered a plate , a knife and a cutting board .
the person cut two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a package of bread from the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person sliced two sliced from the loaf .
the person placed two slices on a plate .
the person rewrapped the loaf .
the person cleaned up .
the person removed bread from the bag .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the bread .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took bread from the fridge and a plate from the cupboard .
the person retrieved a knife and a cutting board .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person sliced the bread he needed .
the person put the bread back into the packaging .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person also got a plate from the cupboard .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread on a plate .
the person took out a portion of a loaf of brown bread .
the person cut an approximately one centimeter thick slice .
the person cut another similar slice off the same loaf .
the person took out a cutting board and loaf of bread .
the person sliced the bread .
the person put the two slices of bread on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced a loaf of bread on a cutting board .
the person placed the slice of bread onto a white plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person placed a loaf of bread on a cutting board .
the person began to slice pieces of bread .
the person placed the pieces of bread on a plate .
the person returned the loaf to the wrapper .
the person cleaned up the crumbs .
the person came into kitchen , .
the person opened fridge .
the person took a bread packet .
the person took a plate from a wardrobe .
the person put a plate on counter .
the person took a cutting board , knife .
the person washed his hands .
the person wiped his hands , .
the person cut the bread into two slices .
the person put the bread on plate .
the person placed rest of bread back into packet .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person got a loaf of bread from a fridge .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person sliced the bread .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got some bread .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person cleaned up .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a loaf of bread , cutting board , knife and plate .
the person sliced a single piece of bread from the loaf .
the person put a single piece of bread on the plate .
the person took a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed a loaf of bread on a cutting board .
the person cut two thin slices from the loaf with a knife .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person cleaned up the bread crumbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person got a plate from a cabinet .
the person sliced two slices of bread on the cutting board .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person brushed the crumbs into the trash .
the person took a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and cutting board out of the drawer .
the person sliced off two pieces of bread .
the person sliced off two pieces of bread .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person cut the cucumber into slices .
the person placed the cucumber on the plate .
the person got a cucumber , a knife , a cutting board , and a plate .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on the plate .
the person took all that he needed to cut a cucumber .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber .
the person put a cucumber in a plate .
the person got a knife and cutting board from drawers to the sink .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person got a plate from the cupboard to the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person arranged the slices on the plate .
the person took a cucumber out of the fridge , .
the person rinsed the cucumber under running water .
the person sliced the ends off .
the person sliced the cucumber into large slices .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the drawer , .
the person took a cucumber and plate .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into pieces , .
the person arranged the sliced cucumber on the plate .
the person fetched a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person set the cucumber on a cutting board .
the person cut the end off .
the person sliced a cucumber on the bias .
the person picked a cucumber up , .
and set the cucumber on a plate .
person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber , .
the person rinsed a cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a cutting board , knife , cucumber and a plate .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person sliced the cucumber horizontally .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife on the counter , .
the person took a cucumber out of the fridge and a plate out of the cabinet .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person sliced the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person picked up the slices , holding them together in the shape of the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber slices on the plate .
the person cut the ends off a cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber on a plate .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person wiped the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into slices .
the person arranged the slices onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer , .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person sliced the cucumber into round slices , .
the person placed the cucumber on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife , .
the person took out a cucumber and a plate .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife , and plate , .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person rinsed a cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber with the knife , .
the person put a cucumber on the plate .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person put the cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person got out a cucumber and plate .
the person rinsed the cumcumber , .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person placed the sliced cumber on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife , and cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on the plate .
the person took out a cucumber and plate .
the person cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person placed the cut cucumber onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person prepared the tools to cut a cucumber .
the person took the cucumber from the fridge , .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person carefully sliced the cucumber .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person set up for his kitchen activities .
the person began to slice a cucumber .
the person lined the sliced cucumber up on a plate .
the person put water , salt , and cauliflower in a pot .
the person put this pot on a stove .
the cauliflower was done , the person drained it in the sink using a pasta drainer .
the person transferred the cauliflower to a plate .
the person boiled water in a pot .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person cut up cauliflower .
the person added the cut cauliflower to the water .
the person placed the cooked cauliflower on a plate .
the person got cauliflower from a fridge .
the person boiled the cauliflower in a pot of water .
the person drained the cauliflower off in a strainer .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person started boiling water .
the person cleaned some cauliflower .
the person cut up some cauliflower .
the person cooked the cauliflower cleaning the kitchen .
the person drained the cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person prepared a pot of water for boiling .
the person rinsed some cauliflower .
the person cut some cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower pieces into the pot of water .
the person boiled the cauliflower .
the person put the cooked cauliflower on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person cut a cauliflower into pieces .
the person boiled the cauliflower in a pot until the cauliflower was done .
the person drained the cauliflower .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced cauliflower into little pieces .
the person placed the cauliflower into a pot of water .
the person placed the cooked cauliflower onto a white plate .
the person heated up some water .
the person added some salt .
the person took a cauliflower from the fridge .
the person washed a cauliflower off .
the person trimmed off some of a cauliflower , .
the person cut a cauliflower into bite-sized pieces .
the person boiled the cauliflower , .
the person cleaned up his workspace .
the vegetable was cooked , the person drained it .
the person put a cauliflower on a plate .
the person cut the cauliflower into individual pieces .
the person placed the cauliflower in a pot .
the person strained the cauliflower in the sink .
the person placed the cauliflower on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a half head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person trimmed the cauliflower .
the person sliced the cauliflower on the cutting board .
the person cooked the cauliflower in a pot of salted water .
the person discarded the trimmings .
the person strained the cauliflower .
the person transferred the cauliflower onto a plate .
the person cut up the cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower in a pot to cook .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person placed a pot on the stove top .
the person removed cauliflower from the refrigerator , .
the person sliced the cauliflower up .
the person poured the cauliflower into the pot , .
the person allowed the cauliflower to cook .
the person placed the cooked cauliflower on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen , .
the person started with getting a pot .
the person began preparing cauliflower on the cook top .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person added salt .
the person got cauliflower out the fridge , .
the person chopped the cauliflower up , .
the person added the cauliflower to the boiling water .
the person cleaned up the area he was using for prep work .
the person got out a plate and fork , .
the person came into the kitchen to prepare some cauliflower .
the person cleaned some cauliflower , .
the person cut some cauliflower .
the person put some cauliflower to boil .
some cauliflower was ready the person strained some cauliflower .
the person served some cauliflower .
the person in his kitchen took pots and silverware from his cabinets .
the person took filled the pot with water .
the person turned the pot on to a boil .
the person retrieved a vegetable from his refrigerator , .
slices a vegetable into pieces , .
cooks a vegetable in the pot of boiling water .
the person placed the cooked vegetable slices on the plate to eat .
the person cut a cauliflower into smaller chunks .
the person put the chunks into a pot of water to cook the chunks .
the person drained the water once the cauliflower pieces were parboiled .
the person boiled some cauliflower with salt chopping some cauliflower .
the person cleaned up as he waited for some cauliflower to finish boiling .
the person plated the cauliflower .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove to boil .
the person got cauliflower out of the fridge .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person chopped the cauliflower up .
the person boiled the cauliflower .
the person drained the cauliflower .
the person placed the cauliflower on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a pot , cauliflower , cutting board and knife .
the person poured water in the pot .
the person set the pot on the stove .
the person cut the cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower in the pot .
once the pieces were cooked , the person strained them .
the person placed the pieces on a plate .
the person cut up a cauliflower into pieces .
the person used a saucepan to cook a cauliflower in boiling salted water .
a cauliflower was done the person drained a cauliflower .
the person served a cauliflower on a plate .
the person picked a cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber under tap .
the person placed the cucumber in a plate .
the person picked a knife and a bowl from the drawer .
the person placed the knife and bowl on the platform .
the person peeled off the skin off the cucumber with a peeler .
the person discarded the peeled skin in a bin .
the person cut the cucumber in to small pieces .
the person placed the chopped cucumber in bowl .
the person took a cucumber from the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber .
s the person cut the cucumber into small chunks .
the person put the cucumber slices chunks in a bowl .
the person took out a cucumber from fridge .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person put the pieces in a bowl .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber from the fridge .
the person washing the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber to pieces .
the person put the pieces in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person took out the necessary implemented .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person chopped the cucumber into coarse pieces , .
the person put the cucumber cubed into a bowl .
the person went into his kitchen .
the person retrieved everything needed to peel and cut a cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into very small pieces .
the person put the cut up pieces into the bowl .
the person picked up the cutting board .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person cut a cucumber in half .
the person took each half .
the person cut each cucumber half through vertically .
the person turned the half of cucumber over and made another vertical cut .
the person diced the cucumber into half inch thick pieces .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the cucumber off .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber up .
the person put the cucumber into a bowl .
the person cleaned off the cutting board .
the person took a cucumber from fridge .
the person cut the cucumber into pieces .
the person washed back the cutter board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person got a peeler , knife and cutting board .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person chopped the cucumber into small cubes .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into small pieces .
the person put the pieces into the bowl .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber .
the person placed the pieces of cucumber into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , bowl and vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber in the bowl .
the person took out all the necessary items to peel and cut a cucumber .
the person first peeled the cucumber thoroughly .
the person disposed of the peels .
the person cut the cucumber in half and in fours .
the person held the fours together he sliced the cucumber into cubes .
the person put the cubes in a bowl .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into smaller pieces on a cutting board .
the person was finished cutting , he put the pieces into a bowl .
the person cleaned up the area .
the person rinsed the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber , bowl , peeler , knife , cutting board .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person placed the pieces in the bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out a zucchini .
the person peeled the zucchini .
an and threw away the skin .
the person cut the zucchini into cubes .
the person placed the zucchini cubed into a bowl .
the person got a cucumber from a fridge .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber in a bowl .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person diced the cucumber into cubes .
the person placed the cucumber into a bowl .
the person got a zucchini .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on the counter .
the person cut the cucumber into many small pieces .
the person put the cut pieces of zucchini into a bowl .
the person filled a tea bag .
the person added the hot water with the tea bag .
the cleaned up everything .
the person got a tea pot and kettle from the drawer .
the person put the kettle on to boil .
the person added tea to the tea pot .
the person filled the tea pot .
the person put tea leaved into the tea infuser .
the person placed the tea infuser into the pot .
the person poured hot water into the pot .
the person filled a tea kettle with water .
the person put loose tea in a tea strainer .
the person put the strainer in a teapot .
the person poured the hot water into the teapot .
the person brewed a pot of tea with the water and a tea infuser .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person opened the tea pot .
the person filled the tea pot with water .
the person retrieved a bag of tea .
the person poured the tea into the measuring cap .
the person emptied the remaining water in the sink .
the person folded his hands behind his back .
the person put tea in a tea ball .
the person put a tea ball in a tea pot .
the person added water .
the person put the hot plate and maker up .
the person took out a water boiler and tea .
the person put the tea and hot water into a pot .
the person took out a tea maker and a tea pot .
the person put some water in the tea maker .
the person hooked the tea maker up to a device .
the person got a tea bag , .
the person rinsed a tea bag off , .
the person put some tea in a tea bag .
the person put the tea bag in the tea pot .
the person waited for the water to get hot .
the mam used the hot water to make tea in the tea pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put tea in an infuser .
the person placed an infuser in the pot .
the person poured the heated water in the small pot .
the person covered the small pot .
the person put the electric kettle away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kettle , teapot , and tea strainer .
the person heated water in the kettle .
the person filled the strainer with tea .
the person put the hot water and tea strainer in the teapot .
the person put away the kettle .
the person put some tea in an infuser .
the person put the infuser and hot water in a tea pot .
the person got a tea kettle and pot from a drawer .
the person put a tea bag in the pot .
the person put the hot water in the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a tea kettle and tea pot .
the person filled the tea kettle with water , .
the person plugged the tea kettle in .
the person turned the tea kettle on .
the person took out a bag of loose tea .
the person put some into a tea ball .
the person put the tea ball and the boiling water into the tea pot .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person put the tea kettle away .
the person put some water into a heating machine .
the person turned a heating machine on .
the person put some tea into a metal tea bag .
the person placed the water and the tea bag into a tea pot .
the person got out his supplies to make tea .
the person filled the tea holder with tea .
the person waited for the water to heat .
the person poured the water into the tea pot .
the person put everything away .
the person place loose tea into a glass tea kettle .
the person poured hot water into the tea kettle .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person opened a drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and knife .
the person removed garlic from the cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person chopped the garlic .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced garlic into little pieces .
the person tossed the leftovers into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and small knife , .
the person got the garlic .
the person pulled a clove of garlic off of the bulb .
the person chopped the garlic up several times to make tiny pieces of garlic .
the person threw away the garlic bulb and skin .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a knife from the drawer .
the person grabbed a head of garlic .
the person peeled off one clove .
the person diced the small garlic clove .
the person put the garlic head into the trash .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person got garlic from a cabinet .
the person sliced the garlic with a knife .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person took out a garlic clove , cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the clove .
the person diced the clove .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person got a clove of garlic from the pantry .
the person used the knife to cut the garlic into small pieces .
the person removed garlic from the cabinet .
the person peeled one clove of garlic .
the person sliced that clove into many small pieces .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got some garlic from a cabinet .
the person minced one clove of garlic .
the person took out garlic and a cutting board .
the person peeled a piece of garlic .
the person diced the garlic .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to a cabinet .
the person got some garlic .
the person began to peel off the shell .
the person cut the garlic into pieces .
the person threw the garlic shells away .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got some garlic from the pantry .
the person cut a clove of garlic into small pieces .
the person removed the outer skin of a clove of garlic by hand .
the person used a knife and cutting board to slice the clove into small squares .
the person discarded the outer skin of the garlic .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person set out a knife and cutting boad .
the person took garlic from the cabinet .
the person diced a clove of the garlic on the cutting board .
the person threw the rest away .
the person got some garlic out of the pantry .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person sliced the garlic into small pieces .
the person removed a chunk of garlic .
the person sliced legnth wise in thin pattern .
the person rotated the garlic .
the person minced the garlic into small square pieces .
the person took a piece of garlic from the pantry .
the person peeled a piece of garlic .
the person chopped a piece of garlic into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person threw the peels away .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife , and a head of garlic .
the person finely chopped a clove from the head of garlic .
the person threw away the rest of the head of garlic .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a knife , cutting board , and a head of garlic .
the person pulled off a clove , .
the person trimmed the end off , .
the person sliced the garlic .
the person gathered the slices up .
the person chopped the slices into small pieces .
the person first cut the clove of garlic into tiny discs .
the person minced the clove of garlic roughly into smaller pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a lime , knife , cutting board and juicer .
the person cut the lime in half , .
the person juiced both sides .
the person moved the caught pulp into the bowl with the juice , .
the person washed the utensils .
the person took out a lime from the refrigerator .
the person sliced a lime in half .
the person juiced each half of the lime .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person collected a lime , a knife , a cutting board , and a juicer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person cleaned up himself by washing and/or drying the items he used .
the person returned everything to its proper place except the juicer , which he left on the counter .
the person cut a lime in half with a knife and cutting board .
the person juiced one half and the other .
the person wiped the knife and cutting board off .
the person put the knife and cutting board away .
the person removed a lime from the icebox .
the person pulled utensils from a kitchen drawer .
the person cut the lime .
the person juiced the lime with the utensils .
the person juiced the lime , .
the person rinsed the juicer .
the person sealed the juicer , .
the person wiped the utensils .
the person had cleaned the utensils he returned them to the drawer .
the person used a knife to slice a lime in half on a cutting board .
the person used a plastic hand juicer to thoroughly remove all of the juice from the lime .
during cleaning , the person put any pulp residue into the juicer collection cup .
the person cleaned the juicer top .
the person replaced the juicer top .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person returned the knife and cutting board to their drawers .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime , juicer , knife and cutting board .
the person cut the lime in half .
juiced each half on the juicer .
the person cleaned his utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person twisted the lime halved onto the juicer .
the person squeezed the juice from each of the lime halves .
the person got a lime from a fridge .
the person got a juicer from a drawer .
the person juiced the lime on the juicer .
the person rinsed a lime .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person used a plastic juicer to get the juice from both halves .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a lime .
the person cut into half .
the person extracted the lime juice in a juice cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a lime .
the person cut into half .
the person squeezed the lime juice in a squeezer cup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person used a juicer with the lime .
the person took a lime out .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person cleaned up himself .
a gentleman cut a lime in half .
the person used a hand juicer to extract the juice from the halves .
any pulp left in the juicer , the person added to the juice .
the person wiped off the knife and cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person removed a lime from the fridge .
the person washed a lime .
the person juiced the lime .
the person cleaned the lid of the juicer .
the person cleaned off everything he used to prepare the lime .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife , cutting board and juicer from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person threw away the remains of the lime .
the person wiped off his utensils .
the person put the utensils back in the drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a lime .
the person cut into two halves .
the person squeezed the lime with the help of lime juice extractor .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got a lime from the refrigerator , .
the person rinsed a lime .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person juiced a lime .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person got a red bell pepper from a refrigerator .
the person pulled the stem and seed out of the peppers .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person picked a red pepper from the pantry .
the person de-stemmed the pepper .
the person threw out the stem and seeds .
the person rinsed the pepper in the sink .
the person cut the pepper into slices .
the person put the pepper slices on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person got a pepper from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a pepper .
the person sliced the pepper on the cutting board .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person took out a red bell pepper .
the person rinsed a red bell pepper under running water .
the person pulled the stem and seeds out , .
the person rinsed a red bell pepper again .
the person sliced the bell pepper into rings .
the person put the rings on a plate .
the person walked over to the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person also got out a knife .
the person removed a pepper from the cabinets .
the person rinsed a pepper off in the sink .
the person sliced up the pepper .
the person placed the pepper on a plate .
the person picked up a knife and a cutting board .
the person took a bell pepper .
the person washed a bell pepper .
the person cut off the stem .
the person sliced the bell pepper .
the person arranged onto a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a knife , cutting board , plate , and red pepper .
the person washed the pepper .
the person removed the stem .
the person sliced the pepper to make rings , .
the person placed the slices onto the plate .
the person took a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person washed a pepper .
the person sliced a pepper .
the person placed the peppers on a plate .
the person washed a red bell pepper .
the person pulled out the stalk and the insides .
the person rinsed a red bell pepper thoroughly , even the insides .
the person placed a red bell pepper sideways .
the person cut a red bell pepper horizontally , fifteen times , into thin discs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered a cutting board , knife , plate and red pepper .
the person washed the pepper .
the person took out the core .
the person sliced the pepper into rings .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person took out a red pepper .
the person cleaned the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into small pieces .
the person placed the small pieces on a plate .
the person selected a sweet red pepper .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper into rings .
the person placed the rings on a plate .
the person washed a pepper .
the person removed the stem and seeds .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person fetched a red bell pepper from the pantry .
the person pulled the core out under the faucet .
the person threw the core in the trash .
the person sliced a red bell pepper thinly .
the person placed a red bell pepper on a plate .
the person retrieved a red bell pepper .
the person washed a red bell pepper .
the person sliced the bell pepper into pieces .
the person placed the slices onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set out a cutting board and knife .
the person brought a red bell pepper from the cupboard .
the person rinsed a red bell pepper in the sink .
the person removed the stem .
the person sliced the pepper on the cutting board .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person stepped back from the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person took a red pepper out of the cabinet .
the person washed a red pepper .
the person put the pepper on the cutting board .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person put the sliced peppers on the plate .
the person took a red pepper .
the person washed a red pepper .
the person sliced the pepper on a trencher .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out some materials that were needed to prepare for cutting .
the person had the necessary materials , he got out the red bell pepper .
the person proceeded to clean the red bell pepper .
the person cut the pepper .
the person placed the pepper on the plate to serve as a healthy snack .
the person rinsed an onion .
the person chopped an onion .
the person melted some butter in a frying pan .
the person fried the onion .
the person placed the chopped onion on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the pantry .
the person used a knife and cutting board to chop the onions .
the person cooked the onions in a pan with butter and seasonings .
the person served the onions on a plate .
the person peeled an onion .
the person cut up an onion into fine bits using a chopping board and a knife .
the person put butter into a frying pan .
the person heated the butter .
the person fried the onions until cooked .
the person put the onions on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person chopped onions into little pieces .
the person added water and salt into the bowl of onions .
the person cooked the onions into a frying pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person peeled one onion .
the person sliced one onion .
the person fried the onion pieces in a frying pan .
the person put the onions on a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got an onion .
the person cleaned the onion .
the person cut the onion into small pieces .
the person sauteed the onion on the stove with some spices .
the person served the onion on a plate .
the person took out an onion from the cupboard .
the person peeled an onion partially under running water .
the person cut off the ends .
the person finished peeling an onion .
the person made shallow cut into the onion .
the person diced the onion up .
the person rinsed the onion in salted water , .
the person melted some butter in a pan .
the person cooked the onions in the hot pan .
the person put the onions on a plate he was done .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person washed the onion , .
the person peeled the onion , .
the person diced the onion .
the person cooked the onion in a frying pan .
the person finished he put the onion on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the refrigerator .
the person chopped the onion on a cutting board .
the person sauteed the chopped onion in a skillet with butter and seasoning .
the person put the onions on a plate .
the person washed an onion .
the person chopped an onion .
the person minced an onion into very fine pieces .
the person fried the onion in butter , adding salt and chilli powder .
the person diced an onion and added seasoning .
the person pan fried an onion with butter .
the person served an onion on a plate , plain .
the person peeled an onion .
the person sliced the onion into small pieces .
the person put the pieces into a pan to cook .
the person put the cooked onions onto a plate .
the person got a onion from the cabinet .
the person chopped the onion on a cutting board .
the person sauteed the onion in a frying pan .
the person put the onions on a plate .
the person diced an onion .
the person put the onions into a frying pan .
the person sauteed the onions for several minutes .
the person placed the cooked onions onto a plate .
the person washed an onion , .
diced an onion , .
mixed the onion in a bowl with water and spice .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person drained the onion , .
melted butter in a pan on the stove top , .
mixed the onion in with a wooden spoon .
the person added spice to the mix he cooked the onion , .
the person transferred the onion to a plate he was finished .
the person took out an onion and a cutting board .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person cooked the onion in a skillet .
the person put the cooked onion onto a plate .
the person dice an onion into small pieces .
the person browned the onion with some butter in a pot .
the person peeled an onion , .
the person chopped an onion .
the person got out a skillet , .
the person turned on the stove top .
the person buttered the skillet , .
the person cooked the onions in the skillet .
the person placed the onions on a plate .
the person chopped onions .
and added salt .
the person rinsed the onions .
the person cooked the onions .
the person put the onions on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person peeled an onion , .
the person chopped an onion , .
the person spiced or salted an onion , .
the person cooked an onion in butter on the stovetop .
once the onion was cooked the person placed the onion on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person cut two slices from the bread .
the person put the bread away , .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person got a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person cut two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person put the slices of bread on a plate .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person cut two slices from the loaf with a knife .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a knife and a cutting board .
the person walked to the fridge .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person placed the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person cut two slices from the bread .
the person put the bread away .
the person got a dish .
the person placed the bread on the dish , .
the person cleaned up the knife , and cutting board .
the person walked away .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a knife , and a cutting board .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread out of the fridge .
the person sliced two slices of bread .
the person set the two slices on a saucer .
the person cleaned up the mess he made .
the person took a loaf out from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut two slices of the bread .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person put the knife , cutting board away .
the person took out a loaf of bread and knife .
the person cut the bread into slices .
the person placed the slices of bread on a plate .
the person picked a knife and cutting board from the cabinets .
the person took a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person used the knife , he carved two slices from the loaf .
the person served the loaf on a small dish .
the person placed a loaf of bread on a cutting board .
the person used a knife to cut two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person placed the two slices of bread on a plate .
the person cleaned everything up and put the dishes away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person took a package of bread from the refrigerator .
the person sliced two slices from the loaf .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person cleaned the area of crumbs .
the person put the knife , cutting board away .
the person retrieved a prepared meatloaf from the refrigerator .
the person cut off two slices using a knife and a cutting board .
the person put the two slices onto a plate .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person sliced off two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread on a plate .
the person cleaned off the knife and cutting board .
the person returned the knife , cutting board to the drawers .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed bread from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the bread .
the person put the rest of the loaf back .
the person put away the knife and cutting board .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person cut a couple sliced off .
the person put a couple slices on a plate .
the person was done .
the person cleaned up the utensils and the counter .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person placed these slices on a plate .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person removed a package of bread from the refrigerator .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person put two sliced of bread on a saucer from the cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person got bread from the refrigerator .
the person cut two slices from the bread .
the person put the loaf of bread away .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person put the bread on a plate .
the person cleaned the knife and board .
the person put the knife , board away .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a loaf of bread , cutting board and knife .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person arranged the twp pieces of bread on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread , cutting board and knife .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person put two pieces of bread on the plate .
the person cleaned his utensils .
the person took out an avocado and cutting board .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person deseeded the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into fine slices .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person pitted the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into slices .
the person took an avocado out of the fridge .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin off with his fingers .
the person cut one half into quarters , .
the person removed the pit .
the person trimmed some leftover skin off , .
the person sliced the avocado pieces into slices .
the person scraped the bits of skin into the trash with a knife .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife .
the person pulled out an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the avocado in half , .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado more .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got an avocado .
the person skinned the avocado .
the person pitted the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into strips .
the person retrieved an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut an avocado lengthwise to remove the outer skin .
also the pit .
the person cut the whole avocado into long strips .
the person got an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person pulled out the seed .
the person sliced an avocado length wise .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out an avocado .
the person cut into the avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person took the pieces of avocado .
the person cut the pieces of avocado into smaller slices .
the person came .
the person took avocado from refrigerator .
the person removed skin of avocado and nut of avocado .
the person made avocado into small pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person placed the avocado on a cutting board .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin off of the avocado halves , .
the person sliced the avocado into thin pieces .
the person sliced an avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin off both halves .
the person removed the pit from the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into many slices .
the person cut an avocado into two vertically .
the person peeled the skin off the avocado .
the person discarded the seed .
the person cut the avocado vertically into around nine to ten thin strips .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person set out a cutting board and knife .
the person brought an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person removed the skin and pit .
the person threw the skin and pit away .
the person sliced the avocado on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the avocado in half .
the person removed the skin and pit .
the person sliced the avocado into strips .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the avocado skin off the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado into little pieces .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into sections with a knife .
the person placed an avocado on a cutting board .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person removed the skin and core .
the person discarded the unwanted skin and core in the trash .
the person sliced the avocado into long pieces .
the person took out the necessary utensils to cut an avocado .
the person skinned and cored the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into small pieces .
the person grabbed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person sliced an avocado vertically around the seed .
the person removed the skin and seeds of the avocado with his hands .
the person threw the avocado skin and seeds in the trash .
the person cut the avocado into slices .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired a cutting board , knife , and avocado .
the person cut the avocado in half , .
the person removed the skin .
the person sliced each side into small segments .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got broccoli from the fridge .
the person boiled water on the stove .
the person added the broccoli .
the person strained the water from the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person took out broccoli and a cutting board .
the person cut the broccoli into chunks .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person put the strained broccoli onto a plate .
the person retreaved brocalli .
the person chopped the brocalli , .
boils the brocalli , .
the person cleaned as he went .
strains the brocalli , .
the person rinsed the brocalli , .
the person placed the brocalli on a plate .
the person got out a cutting board and broccoli .
the person cut up the broccoli .
the person put a pot with water and salt on the stove .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person chopped up some broccoli .
the person put some broccoli in a pan of hot water to cook .
the person waited for some broccoli to cook , he checked some broccoli periodically .
the person cleaned up his mess .
once the person saw some broccoli was cooked , .
the person used a colander .
the person drained the broccoli in the sink .
the person drained off the water , .
the person put the broccoli on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person cut some broccoli into florets .
the person prepared to cook some broccoli .
the person put some broccoli to boil .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person strained some broccoli .
the person served some broccoli on a plate .
the person cut up a head of broccoli .
the person cooked a head of broccoli by boiling a head of broccoli in a saucepan .
the person drained a head of broccoli .
the person served a head of broccoli onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a head of broccoli from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut a head of broccoli into pieces .
the person put the pieces in a pot with water .
the person cooked the pieces .
the person put the cooked pieces on a plate .
the person added chopped broccoli to salted water on the stove top .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli in a colander .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person began preparing broccoli .
the person boiled the broccoli in salted water .
the person drained the cooked broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate , .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced broccoli into little pieces .
the person cooked the broccoli in a pot of boiling water .
the person cut a large bunch of broccoli into edible smaller bits .
the person cooked the broccoli in a pot filled with hot water .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person placed the cooked broccoli onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some broccoli .
the person chopped the broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person chopped up some cauliflower on a chopping board .
the person placed the vegetables to boil on the stove .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person transferred the vegetables unto a colander .
the person rinsed the vegetables .
the person transferred the vegetables unto a plate .
the person diced some broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in some salty boiling water .
the person plated the broccoli .
the person got broccoli from a fridge .
the person cut the broccoli into chunks .
the person boiled the broccoli in a pot of water .
the person strained the broccoli in a strainer .
the person sliced up pieces of broccoli .
the person heated up water in a pot for cooking broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took some broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person cut the broccoli into florets .
the person discarded the stemmed .
the person cooked the florets in a pot of water on the stove .
the person strained the florets .
the person placed the florets on a plate .
the person chopped up broccoli .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person turned on the stove .
the person seasoned the water , .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person drained the broccoli .
the person chopped some broccoli with a knife .
the person heated up some water on the stove .
seasoned some water .
the person put the broccoli in the water .
the person let the broccoli cook for a .
before straining the water out .
the person took out one potato .
the person peeled the potato .
the person rinsed the potato .
the person threw away the potato skins .
the person cut and sliced the potato .
the person used a peeler on a potato .
the person thoroughly washed the peeled potato .
the person sliced the skinned potato .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person took out a potato , cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the potato , .
the person washed the potato , .
the person cut the potato into eight pieces .
the person peeled a potato .
the person washed a potato .
the person cleaned cutting board and peeler .
the person cut the potato in half .
the person cut each potato half in half again and into quarter pieces .
the person cut each potato half in half again .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a potato .
the person skimmed the skin of potato with a knife .
the person cut the potato into pieces .
the person got a potato from a cabinet .
the person peeled the potato with a vegetable peeler .
the person cut the potato into small chunks .
the person peeled a potato .
the person rinsed the potato in the sink .
the person sliced the potato into eight pieces .
the person took out a potato and cutting board .
the person peeled the potato .
the person cut the potato into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a potato from the pantry .
the person got a peeler , cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person peeled the potato .
the person cut the potato into quarters .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a potato .
the person peeled the potato .
the person cut the potato into chunks .
the person got a potato out .
the person peeled the potato .
the person put the potato on a cutting board .
the person cut the potato .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out a potato .
the person went the the drawer .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person peeled the potato .
the person threw out the peels .
the person rinsed the potato , he cut the potato into pieces .
the person gathered a potato , potato peeler , and a cutting board .
the person peeled the potato .
the person washed the potato .
the person cut the potato into chunks .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a potato out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the potato into little pieces .
the person peeled a potato .
the person washed a potato .
the person cut each half into four pieces .
the person got a potato out of the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife out .
the person peeled the potato .
the person cut the potato into pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person retrieved a potato from a pantry .
the person peeled the potato .
the person washed the potato in the sink .
the person halved the potato .
the person quartered the potato .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a potato from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the potato .
the person cut the potato into eighths .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a potato .
the person peeled the skin with knife .
the person washed the potato .
the person cut into four pieces .
the person took a potato from a kitchen cabinet .
the person peeled a potato .
the person rinsed a potato .
the person cut the potato into chunks on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an item out of the cupboard .
the person walked across the kitchen .
the person washed an item .
the person took a cutting board and knife out the drawers .
the person sliced an item .
the person put the knife down on the cutting board he was done .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a ginger out of the cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person cut the ginger into round slices .
the person took out a ginger and cutting board .
the person sliced the ginger .
the person left the ginger slices on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a ginger from the pantry .
the person washed the ginger .
the person cut the ginger into thin slices .
the person removed a ginger from the pantry .
the person rinsed a ginger off .
the person sliced a ginger into pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out some ginger root .
the person took a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person sliced the ginger root on a cutting board .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person retrieved the ginger .
the person washed the ginger .
the person 'd pulled out a knife and cutting board .
the person sliced the ginger on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a vegetable and knife and cutting board .
the person placed a vegetable and knife and cutting board items on the counter .
the person chopped up the vegetable using the knife and cutting board .
the person selected a piece of fruit .
the person washed the fruit .
the person chopped the fruit .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a root of ginger from the pantry .
the person washed the ginger root .
the person pulled out a knife and chopping board from a kitchen drawer .
the person used the knife and chopping board to slice up the ginger .
the person got a ginger from a cabinet .
the person got a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person cut the ginger into slices .
the person removed the necessary ingredients and utensils from the cabinets and drawers .
the person proceeded to cut the ginger .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a piece of produce from the cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person sliced the produce on the cutting board with the knife .
the person waked into the kitchen .
the person got out some ginger .
the person rinsed the ginger .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person sliced the ginger .
the person took out a ginger from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a ginger off .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person sliced the ginger into small slices .
the person set the knife down .
the person got a knob of ginger out of the pantry .
the person rinsed the ginger off under running water .
the person sliced the ginger into many thin slices .
the person took a ginger out .
the person washed a ginger off .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person cut the ginger into thin slices .
the person took a ginger .
the person washed a ginger .
the person sliced the ginger .
the person retrieved a ginger from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board out of a drawer .
the person set the ginger on a cutting board .
the person got a knife .
the person sliced the ginger very thinly .
the person grabbed a kiwi .
the person peeled a kiwi .
the person placed his kiwi skin in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi fruit and a knife .
the person removed the skin from the fruit with a knife .
the person cut the fruit into quarters .
the person put the quarters in a bowl .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into several pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi on the plate .
the person took a kiwi fruit .
the person peeled the skin .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces .
the person removed the wastes .
the person washed his hands .
the person removed a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person cut the fruit into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person selected a kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi onto a plate .
the person took a kiwi fruit .
the person peeled the skin of the fruit .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces .
the person removed the wastes .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a kiwi fruit .
the person peeled the skin .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces .
the person removed the wastes .
the person washed his hands .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person peeled a kiwi fruit with a knife .
the person sliced a kiwi fruit onto a dish .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed kiwi fruit out of the fridge .
the person sliced the kiwi fruit into little pieces .
the person placed the kiwi fruit on the white plate .
the person skinned the kiwi over a sink .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
at the counter , the person began to cut the fruit on a plate .
the person cleaned up the peel by throwing the peel away .
the person got a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the skin off of the kiwi with a knife .
the person cut the kiwi in slices in a bowl .
the person took a kiwi fruit .
the person peeled the skin .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces .
the person removed the wastes .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a kiwi , knife and plate .
the person peeled the kiwi with the knife , .
the person sliced the kiwi on the plate .
the person peeled a kiwi fruit .
the person put the peeled kiwi fruit on a plate .
the person cut the kiwi fruit into slices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took kiwi fruit from refrigerator .
the person peeled the skin of the fruit .
the person cut the fruit into four pieces .
the person transferred the wastes into dustbin .
the person washed his hands .
the person peeled the skin from the kiwi fruit .
the person placed the peeled kiwi into a bowl .
the person thinly sliced the kiwi fruit .
the person took a kiwi fruit from the fridge .
the person took a knife to peel off the fruit .
the person cut the fruit into pieces .
the person kept the fruit pieces in the plate .
the person got cauliflower from a fridge .
the person trimmed the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person cooked the cauliflower in a frying pan .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person cut cauliflower .
the person put a skillet on the stove .
the person added olive oil to a skillet .
the person combined milk , seasonings , and the cauliflower in the skillet .
the person covered the skillet .
the person cooked the mixture for eight minutes .
the person put the finished product on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cauliflower .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person cut up the cauliflower .
the person dipped the cauliflower in milk .
the person put the cauliflower into a frying pan and cooked the cauliflower .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person put the cooked cauliflower on a plate .
the person prepared cauliflower by removing the leaves from the exterior , cutting off the stem .
the person separated the large floret into smaller florets , as well as cut off the florets ' stemmed .
heated olive oil in the skillet .
the person dredged the remaining pieces in milk and spices .
the person placed the cauliflower in a covered skillet to cook .
the person allowed cauliflower to cook in the covered skillet for a few minutes before .
the person chopped up cauliflower .
the person mixed and spices together in a bowl .
the person placed in the skillet .
the person coated the cauliflower in some kind of milk and spice mixture before .
the person fried the cauliflower in a little oil .
the cauliflower was done , the person tried the cauliflower .
the person tried to throw the cauliflower away , .
the person put the cauliflower on a plate .
the person cut up a head of cauliflower into small pieces .
the person poured a batter into a bowl .
the person mixed a few spices into a bowl .
the person dipped the cauliflower into the batter .
fries the cauliflower pieces in a pan of oil .
the person stirred and poured the cauliflower into a plate .
the person prepared a head of cauliflower by removing the inedible parts and stemmed .
the person dipped the remaining florets in a buttermilk and spices mixture .
the person dropped the remaining florets into a heated and oiled pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person cut up a cauliflower .
the person added the cauliflower and some batter to a pan .
the person cooked the cauliflower and some batter .
the cauliflower and some batter was done the person poured it on a plate .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person sliced the cauliflower into bite-sized pieces .
the person dipped half the pieces into cream and spices .
the person added the cauliflower pieces to a hot pan .
the person cooked the cauliflower pieces for 6-8 minutes .
the person added the rest of the cauliflower .
the person poured in the skillet the cream mixture .
the person stirred the mixture occasionally .
the person done , he served the cauliflower .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed cauliflower , oil , bowled , seasonings , cream , and a cutting board .
the person washed the vegetable .
the person chopped the vegetable .
the person coated the vegetable .
the person put the vegetable in a frying pan .
the person tried the vegetable .
the person put the vegetable on a plate .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person cut cauliflower .
the person made a batter .
the person battered the cauliflower .
the person pan-fried the cauliflower .
the person cleaned up a little bit .
the person continued to watch and stir the cauliflower .
the person cut a cauliflower into the smaller florets .
the person grabbed condiments .
mixed the condiments in a bowl .
the person put the condiments and the cauliflower in a preheated pan .
the person stirred the cauliflower twice before .
the person turned the stove off .
the person placed the cauliflower on a plate .
the person sliced a cauliflower into small segments .
the person preheated a skillet .
the person made a batter using buttermilk and spices .
the person dipped the cauliflower pieces into the batter .
the person fried the cauliflower pieces in the skillet .
the person cleaned his preparation area .
the person served the finished cauliflower on a plate .
the person took out a cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into chunks .
the person steamed the cauliflower in milk .
the person used a knife to remove the leaves from a cauliflower .
the person cut a cauliflower into small chunks .
the person heated a frying pan on the stove .
the person created a mixture using a white liquid , a seasoning and salt .
the person put each cauliflower chunk into the mixture before .
the person transferred the chunk to the frying pan .
the person cut cauliflower into pieces .
the person cooked the cauliflower in a skillet .
the person placed the cooked cauliflower on a plate .
the person washed cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower .
the person made a batter .
the person dipped the cauliflower in a batter .
the person cooked the cauliflower .
the person cleaned the counter he waited .
the person tasted the cauliflower .
the person served the cauliflower .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board , knife and two bowled from the drawers .
the person cleaned the califlower .
the person cut the califlower into florets .
the person prepared a cream sauce .
the person cooked a cream sauce in the sauce in a skillet on the stove .
the person transferred the cooked florets into a serving bowl .
the person cleaned a head of cauliflower .
the person broke a head of cauliflower into small flowerets .
the person heated an oiled frying pan on a cooktop .
the person coated the cauliflower in a salted cream sauce with two additional spices .
the person cooked all the cauliflower and all the cream sauce in the covered pan for about five minutes and stirred occasionally .
taste tested .
the person cut off the outer leaves , .
the person threw away the scraps , .
the person rinsed the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into small chunks .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person made a seasoned milk mixture to dip the cauliflower into .
the person placed the cauliflower into the hot pan .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person cut the head of a cauliflower into florets .
the person prepared a sauce by seasoning fresh cream .
the person coated the cauliflower florets with the sauce .
the person cooked the coated cauliflower florets in an oiled pan .
the person prepared the cauliflower .
the person cut some cauliflower .
the person made a cream mixture .
the person used a cream mixture for the cauliflower .
the person pan fried the cauliflower pieces .
the person almost threw the cauliflower pieces into the trash .
the person put the cooked cauliflower on a plate instead .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced cauliflower into little pieces .
the person prepared the cauliflower with other ingredients .
the person cooked the cauliflower using a frying pan .
the person cut a cauliflower into the smaller florets .
the person made up a cream sauce adding cloves and another spice to a cream sauce .
the person dipped part of the cauliflower directly into the sauce .
the person cooked the florets and all the sauce .
the person put the cauliflower into frying pan .
the person threw in the most of the rest of the florets and all the sauce .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person worked each half of the orange over a hand juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added a tablespoon of sugar to the orange juice .
the person stirred the orange juice .
the person got an orange from a refrigerator .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board , knife and juicer .
the person proceeded to cut the orange in half .
the person used an orange squeezer to squeeze the juice from the orange .
the person followed this , he got a spoon from the drawer .
the person threw the gutted orange in the trash , along with the excess pulp .
the person got a glass from the cupboard .
the person poured the juice in a glass , .
the person added a spoonful of sugar for flavor .
the person got an orange from a fridge .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange on a hand juicer .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person added sugar to the orange juice .
the person sliced an orange in two parts .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the orange juice in a glass .
the person added sugar .
the person halved an orange with a chopping board and knife .
the person used a juice squeezer , he pressed out the juice .
the person put the juice in a glass with a spoon of sugar .
the person cut the orange .
the person used a juicer .
the person poured the orange juice into a glass .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out an orange , cutting board , knife and juicer .
the person cut the orange .
juiced each half .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added some sugar .
the person got a orange from the fridge .
the person used a hand juicer to retrieve juiced from a orange .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person added a spoonful of sugar .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board , knife and juicer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange with the juicer .
the person poured the juice in a glass with some sugar .
the person took an orange from a freezer .
the person prepared juice from the orange .
the person added sugar to the orange .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person cut the orange .
the person got a juicer , .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the juice into a glass .
the person added some sugar .
the person took out an orange and a juicer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the juice into a glass .
the person added sugar .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person used a juicer with the pieces of orange .
the person poured the orange juice into a drinking glass .
the person took a orange from the fridge .
the person sliced the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person added sugar to the juice .
the person juiced to orange halves .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person placed a spoonful or sugar in the glass .
the person stirred the sugar in the glass .
the person took orange from freezer .
the person cut the orange into two .
the person squeezed juice from the orange using juicer .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person added sugar to the juice .
the person grabbed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person cut an orange in halves .
the person squeezed both halves with a plastic squeezer .
the person removed the pulp from the squeezer with a spoon .
the person threw the pulp in the trash .
the person poured the orange juice in a cup .
the person added sugar to the orange juice .
the person stirred the orange juice .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the juice in a glass .
the person took one orange from the fridge .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person got a juicer .
juiced each orange half .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person took an orange out of the pantry .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added sugar .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a package of bread .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person placed the bread loaf on a cutting board .
the person cut two slices .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person placed the slices .
the person wrapped the loaf in the package .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person got out a loaf of bread and a plate .
the person got out a knife , .
the person sliced the bread .
the person placed a cutting board under the bread .
the person sliced the bread .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person got a loaf of bread , a plate , a knife , and a cutting board .
the person started cutting off a small piece of bread from the end of the loaf .
the person moved the bread to a cutting board .
the person completed the first cut .
the person proceeded to cut the second piece .
the person deposited the pieces of bread on a plate .
the person repackaged the loaf .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread , a plate and a knife .
the person started to cut the bread .
the person stopped to get a cutting board .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person got out some bread .
the person sliced the bread .
the person put the bread on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a loaf of bread .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person cut two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person placed the bread on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread , a plate , and a knife .
the person used the knife to slice two pieces of a loaf of bread .
the person put the pieces of bread on the plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took out a bread and plate from the cabinets .
the person removed the wrapper of bread he tried to cut the loaf of the bread .
the person took out a big plate from the drawer .
the person cut two loafs of the bread .
the person kept the loafs of the bread in the smaller plate .
the person wrapped the breadd properly .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person sliced off two pieces of the bread .
the person put two pieces of the bread onto a plate .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person cut off two slices of the bread .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a loaf of bread and a serrated knife .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person cut a loaf of bread into slices .
the person finished , he put the bread on a plate .
the person wrapped up the bread again .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a knife , cutting board , plate and loaf of bread .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person sliced two pieces from the loaf of bread .
the person placed the slices onto the plate , .
the person wrapped the bread back up .
the person walked into a kitchen .
unsuccessfully tried to slice some bread on a plate .
the person pulled out a chopping board .
the person was done , he transferred the slices of bread untoed a plate .
the person put a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person got out a plate .
the person the opened the package of bread .
the person go out a knife .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person got a loaf of bread , a knife , plate , and a cutting board .
the person sliced the bread with the knife .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread and a plate from cabinets .
the person opened the plastic packaging , .
the person got a knife out of the drawer , .
the person began to slice the bread .
before the person finished the first slice , he took a cutting board from the drawer .
with the cutting board under the bread , the person finished cutting two slices .
the person put two slices on the plate .
the person took a loaf of bread and a knife out .
the person took a dish out of the cabinet .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person unwrapped a loaf of bread .
the person struggled to slice a piece of bread from a loaf of bread .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person placed the loaf on top .
the person sliced two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person wrapped the loaf back up .
the person took a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person cut two slices from the loaf of bread .
the person stacked the slices of the loaf of bread on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator and a plate out of the cabinet .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person placed the sliced kiwi on the plate .
the gentleman came into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife , plate , a container of kiwi .
the person placed a cutting board , knife , plate , a container of kiwi all on the counter .
the person washed his hands and the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi up .
the person placed the kiwi on a plate .
the person got a kiwi from a fridge .
the person washed a kiwi in the sink .
the person sliced the kiwi with a knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a large plate and knife .
the person took out a container of berries .
the person washed a berry .
the person sliced a berry into slivers .
the person placed the slivers on a small plate .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi on a cutting board .
the person moved the slices of kiwi onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
a young person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board , a knife and a plate to do the activity .
the person took out a produce container from a refrigerator in the kitchen .
finely chopped an item from that container .
the person finished chopping the item from the container .
the person put the chopped pieces on a plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got out cutting materials .
the person got a kiwi from the fridge .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi in small pieces .
the person put the small pieces on the plate .
the person placed the cutting board , knife , plate and kiwi on the countertop .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person put the slices in the plate .
the person took a circular cutting board , knife and a plate .
the person took one kiwi from the fridge .
the person cleaned one kiwi by rubbing its skin with his fingers under water .
the person sliced the top and bottom portions of the kiwi .
the person removed the top and bottom portions of the kiwi .
the person placed into the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person selected a kiwi from the fridge .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person placed the kiwi slices on a plate .
the person rinsed a kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi into a few slices .
the person placed these slices onto the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a knife and a cutting board out .
the person got a container of kiwis from the fridge .
the person rinsed one kiwi off .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person placed the kiwi neatly on a plate .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took cutting board and knife from separate racks .
the person opened fridge .
the person took kiwi fruit box from the fridge .
the person took a plate from a cupboard .
the person put a plate on slab .
the person took a fruit , .
the person washed a fruit .
the person cut opposite sides of the fruit .
the person cut the rest of the fruit into thin slices .
the person shifted the thin slices into plate .
person entered into the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi from refrigerator .
the person washed a kiwi nicely with water .
the person cut that kiwi using a knife .
the person kept pieces of kiwi into another dish .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi from the fridge and a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person placed the sliced kiwi on a plate .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a kiwi off .
the person sliced a kiwi into pieces .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , plate , and kiwi .
the person washed the kiwi , .
the person cut off the kiwi top and bottom .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person put the kiwi on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person used a blue juicer for both pieces of lime .
the person tossed the leftover lime into the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a pack of limes from the refrigerator .
the person picked one lime .
the person proceeded to wash one lime .
the person cut one lime in to two halves with a knife on a cutting board .
the person started grinding one half of the lime on the plastic juicer to produce juice .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got some limes from the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime , .
the person juiced the lime .
the person picked a lime .
the person rinsed a lime .
the person cut the lime in half on a cutting board with a knife .
the person used a manual juicer , he squeezed the juice from the lime halves .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took limes from the refirgerator .
the person rinsed a lime .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person juiced the lime on a hand juicer .
the person discarded the lime halved into the garbage .
the person took a lime from a refrigerator , .
the person rinsed a lime , .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person squeezed the juice from the lime using a manual juicer .
the person thoroughly juiced each half of the lime , .
the person disposed of the peels .
the person grabbed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a lime .
the person cut the lime in halves .
the person squeezed the lime halved with a squeezer .
the person threw both lime halves in the trash .
the person took out a lime , .
the person rinsed a lime .
the person dried a lime .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced each half using a plastic juicer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person used a manual citrus juicer to extract the juice .
the person took each half .
the person pressed each half .
the person rotated each half on the reamer to extract juice .
the person took out a package of two limes .
rinsed lime off .
the person cut the rinsed lime in half , .
the person took out a juicer .
the person juiced the lime , .
the person threw away the used halves .
the person got two limes from a fridge .
the person cut one lime in half .
the person juiced the lime on a hand juicer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person cut the lime in half on a cutting board .
the person juiced the lime with a manual juicer .
the person rinsed a lime in the sink .
the person sliced a lime in half .
the person pressed both halves on a juicer .
the person took out limes .
the person cut one in half .
the person juiced the lime using a juicer .
the person took out a package of limes .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person squeezed the juice out of a lime .
the person threw out the remnants of the limes he squeezed .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person twisted each half over the juicer .
the person threw the peels away .
the person took a package of limes out of the refrigerator .
the person took one of the limes out .
the person cut one of the limes in half with a knife .
the person got a juicer out .
the person spun both halves of the lime on the juicer .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a lime , cutting board , knife and juicer .
the person cut the lime in half .
juiced each side .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person got a knife , cutting board , and juicer from under the counter .
the person cut the lime in half .
juiced each half .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took a sealed package with two limes out of the refrigerator , .
the person removed one lime .
the person rinsed the lime under the faucet , .
the person cut the lime in half crosswise on the cutting board , .
the person took out a juicer , .
thoroughly juiced both halves .
the person threw the lime halved away .
the person took an orange from a refrigerator .
the person proceeded to get supplies to make orange juice .
the person cut an orange in half at his counter .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juiced orange into a glass .
the person cleaned up his supplies .
the person made freshly squeezed orange juice with a hand juicer .
the person got all the juice out of the juicer that he could , .
the person added the pulp from the hand juicer to his drink in order to augment the size .
the person got a orange from the fridge .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the juice in a glass with the orange pulp .
the person sliced an orange in half on a cutting board .
the person juiced the flesh in a hand juicer .
the person sliced up the flesh .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person removed the pulp screen .
the person removed an orange from the fridge .
the person sliced an orange in half .
the person used the juicer to remove the juice from the orange .
the person juiced each half of the orange , .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person used a spoon , he removed some of the pulp from the juicer .
the person added the pulp to the juice .
the person took out an orange and a juicer .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the orange juice and pulp into a glass .
the person took an orange out from the fridge .
the person rinsed an orange off .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person twisted both halves on the juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass , .
the person spooned the pulp into the juice .
the person stirred the juice with a fork .
the person took out a manual citrus juicer .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person rotated the orange on the reamer as he pressed the orange , in order to extract all of the juice .
the person pressed each half of the orange on a manual citrus juicer .
the person collected all the fiber from around the reamer and on top of it .
the person added this fiber also to the juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person washed an orange off .
the person sliced an orange in half .
the person pressed an orange on a manual juicer .
the person had quite a bit of trouble and had to cut slots in the orange .
the person cut an orange in halves .
the person squeezed each half by hand .
the person poured the juice from the squeezer into a cup .
the person removed the pulp from the squeezer with a spoon .
the person threw the pulp in the cup .
the person stirred the juice and pulp with a fork .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person halved the orange .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person added pulp .
the person stirred the juice .
the person tasted the juice .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the orange off in the sink , .
the person retrieved some tools from the kitchen drawers .
with a knife , the person cut the orange in half on a cutting board , .
the person used a juicer to squeeze the juice from the orange .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained an orange , juicer , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the orange .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced each half of the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added the pulp .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the juice and pulp in a glass .
the person took an orange .
the person washed an orange .
the person cut an orange in two halfs .
the person squeezed an orange .
the person put the juice and the pup into a glass .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person juiced an orange using a hand juicer .
the person poured the resulting orange juice into a glass .
the person added the pulp .
the person placed the dirty kitchen tools in the sink .
the person stirred the contents of the glass with a fork .
the person took out an orange and materials to make orange juice .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person applied each half to the juicer respectively .
the person pour the juice into a glass .
the person put the pulp into the glass with a spoon .
the person put all the kitchenwares into sink .
the person stirred the juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person also got an orange from the fridge .
the person rinsed an orange .
the person got a cutting board , knife , and juicer from under the cabinet .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange on the juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person cut the orange in half on a cutting board .
the person juiced the halves of the orange with a manual juicer .
the person added the pulp from the juicer to the glass .
the person mixed the glass .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person juiced an orange thoroughly .
the person proceeded to pour the juice into a glass .
the person added pulp .
the person put a coffee filter into a brewer .
the person put some coffee grounds in the filter .
the person brewed the coffee .
the person added sugar and creamer .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person made coffee .
the person talked for a to an unseen person .
the person used milk and sugar .
the person cleaned up the coffeemaker he was done .
the person used an electric coffeemaker to brew some coffee .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person added cream and sugar .
the person discarded the excess coffee .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person gathered the ingredients and equipment necessary to brew a pot of coffee .
the person brewed the coffee .
the person added sugar and milk .
mixed the coffee in his cup .
the person poured the rest of the coffee in the pot down the drain .
the person added water and coffee grounds to the machine .
the person set up the coffee maker .
the person poured coffee into the mug .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person used a coffee machine to make coffee .
the person poured the coffee into a cup .
the person got out the coffee maker .
the person put the coffee maker on the counter .
the person put in a filter , some ground coffee , and water -lrb- using a coffee cup -rrb- .
the person started the coffee maker .
the person waited for some ground coffee to finish brewing , he found sugar and milk and a spoon .
once the coffee was ready the person poured himself a cup .
the person added sugar and milk .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person walked into the kitchen to prepare coffee .
the person took out coffee ground , coffee filters , and the coffee maker .
the person waited a long time for the coffee to be finished .
the person poured the coffee in the cup with sugar and milk or creamer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker out .
the person filled the coffee maker with water and coffee .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the coffee was done brewing the person poured some into a cup .
the person added sugar and milk .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a coffee maker , coffee , and coffee filters from the cabinet .
the person prepared the coffee pot to make coffee .
the person waited .
the coffee was ready the person poured some into the cup along with milk and sugar .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person used a drip style coffee maker by inserting a paper cone filter and grounds into the brew compartment .
the person measured two cups of water .
the person poured two cups of water into the reservoir .
the person turned the machine on .
the person waited for the brew cycle to end .
the person poured himself a cup .
the person added water to a coffee maker .
the person waited for a coffee maker to finish .
the person added cream and sugar .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person got coffee and a coffee maker from a drawer .
the person put put coffee in the coffee maker .
the person poured the coffee into a cup .
the person added sugar and creamer to the coffee .
the person took out a coffee machine .
the person made coffee .
the person put the coffee in a cup .
the person added milk and sugar .
the person took a coffee maker from a cupboard .
the person placed a filter , a scoop of coffee , and a cup of water into the coffee maker .
the person poured the finished coffee into a cup .
the person added sugar and cream to the cup of coffee .
the person took out a coffee machine from the drawer .
the person put coffee grounds and water into the machine .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person added sugar and milk .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person put a filter and coffee into the coffee maker .
the person poured two cups of water into the maker .
the person turned the maker on .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person added cream and sugar .
the person poured the remainder of coffee down the sink .
the person skinned an onion .
the person washed the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person sliced the onion .
the person sliced an onion in half .
the person peeled both halves of the onion .
the person cut the onion into many slices .
the person cut an onion in half .
the person removed the peels from the onion .
the person sliced the onion .
the person got an onion from a cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person peeled an onion .
the person chopped an onion .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed an onion out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the onion on the cutting board .
the person took an onion , cutting board and knife from kitchen cabinets and drawers .
the person cut the ends off .
the person discarded the ends and peel of the onion .
the person cut the onion into fine slices .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person put a cutting board on the counter .
the person peeled the onion .
the person took a knife from a drawer .
the person chopped the onion .
the person took an onion out of the pantry .
the person peeled the skin off of the onion .
the person diced the onion into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person peeled an onion , .
the person sliced an onion .
the person rinsed off the sliced onion .
the person chopped the sliced onion up .
the person peeled the skin from an onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person thinly sliced each half of the onion .
a gentleman took an onion from the pantry .
the person cleaned an onion , .
the person chopped of the top and bottom .
the person cut an onion in half lengthwise .
the person washed the halves off , .
the person cut the slices into thin slices , working from the top or bottom , cutting across the length .
the person cut the ends off of an onion using a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the onion in half from top to bottom .
the person removed the dry , outer layers .
rinsed each onion half .
the person thinly sliced each half .
thinly sliced .
the person took and onion from the cupboard .
the person peeled the onion .
the person washed the onion .
the person chopped the onion into fine pieces .
the person grabbed a small union .
the person pealed the outer layer , .
the person took a small onion to the cutting board .
the person cut the ends .
the person cut a small onion in half .
the person pealed the first layer off .
the person threw the first layer in the trash can , .
the person rinsed off both pieces of onion in the sink .
the person placed both pieces of onion on the chopping board .
finely cut out think pieces .
the person went into his kitchen .
the person removed an apple from his pantry .
the person cut an apple in half , .
the person removed the seeds .
the person washed each half .
the person proceeded to slice each half of the apple until it had been fully cut into thin slices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the pantry and a cutting board from under the counter .
the person cleaned the onion .
the person sliced the onion on the cutting board .
the person got an onion out in the kitchen .
the person peeled the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person finished peeling the onion .
the person washed the onion .
the person sliced the onion in small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion from a cupboard .
the person prepped the onion .
the person thinly sliced the onion .
the person took out an onion .
the person peeled off the onion 's skin .
the person chopped the onion into smaller chunks .
the person got out a pot , hotdogs , buns , and condiments .
the person boiled the hotdogs .
the person put the hotdogs on the hotdog buns .
the person put the condiments on the hotdogs .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cooked hot-dogs using a pot of water .
the person squirted ketchup onto his hot-dogs .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person turned the stove on .
the person placed hot dogs in the water .
the person cooked the hot dogs .
the person placed the hot dogs in the buns .
the person placed condiments on the buns .
the person boiled two hot-dogs in a pot .
two hot-dogs cooked , the person laid out buns and condiments .
the person put the cooked hot-dogs in the buns , .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the cooked hot-dogs .
the person put a pot of water with a lid on the stove .
the person took hot dogs out of the refrigerator .
the person put the hot dogs in the pot .
the person took the mustard and ketchup out the refrigerator .
the person put two hot dog buns on the plate .
the person waited for the hot dogs , .
the person put the hot dogs on the bun .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the hot dogs .
the person put water on to boil .
the person added hot dogs to the water .
the person took out condiments for the hot dog .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out some hot dogs , buns , and a pot .
the person boiled the hot dogs .
the person put the buns on a plate .
the person put the cooked hot dogs in the buns .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the cooked hot dogs .
the person boiled water .
the person cooked hot-dogs .
the person waited for the hot-dogs to cook .
the person transferred the hot-dogs into the buns .
the person prepared buns with ketchup and mustard .
the person filled a large pot halfway with water .
the person put two hot dogs into the pot of water .
the person boiled the hot dogs for approximately three minutes .
the person served the hot dogs on buns with mustard and ketchup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot with water on the stove .
the person took hot-dogs , mustard and ketchup out of the refrigerator .
the person cooked two hot-dogs , .
the person took out two rolls .
the person cut two rolls .
the person put two rolls on a plate .
the person put the hot-dogs in the rolls .
the person put mustard on one hot-dog and ketchup on the other hot-dog .
the person placed two hot dogs in a pot .
the person cooked the hot dogs .
the person placed the hot dogs in buns .
the person added mustard to one hot dog and ketchup to the other .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cooked hot-dogs in a pot .
the person cut some hot-dog buns .
the person placed the hot dogs in the buns .
the person dressed the hot dogs with mustard and ketchup .
the person cooked some hot dogs in a pot of water on the stove .
the person sliced some buns for the hot dogs .
the person put the hot dogs in buns .
the person put condiments on the hot dogs .
the person put two hot-dogs in a pot of water on the stove .
the person put two buns on a plate .
the person put the hot-dogs on the buns .
the person added mustard and ketchup .
the person boiled two hot dogs in water .
the person placed the cooked hot dogs into a bun .
the person added mustard to one of the hot dogs .
the person put ketchup on the other hot dog .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out two hot dogs from a jar .
the person cooked the hot dogs in a pot of water .
the person put the hot dogs on two buns .
the person placed the hot dogs on a plate .
the person put mustard on one hot dog and ketchup on the other .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out hotdog making supplies .
the person put two hotdogs in a pot to boil .
the person cut open two buns .
the hotdogs were done the person put the hotdogs in the buns .
the person added condiments .
the person boiled hot-dogs .
the person grabbed other ingredients .
the person placed the hot-dog in the buns .
the person squeezed ketchup and mustard on the hot-dog .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person boiled some hot-dogs .
the person put the hot-dogs on buns .
the person topped the hot-dogs with mustard and ketchup .
the person placed hot-dogs in a pot of water .
the person placed condiments and buns on the counter .
the person placed the hot-dogs in the buns .
the person used the condiments on the hot-dogs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person brought a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person trimmed the skin and stem from the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple into small cubes .
the person skinned a pineapple .
the person diced the pineapple into chunks .
the person put the chucks in a container with water .
the person added spice .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person sliced a pineapple .
the person chunked the slices .
the person rinsed the chunks in the sink .
the person trimmed a chunk .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , container and pineapple .
the person cut the crown off a pineapple , .
the person cut the skin off of the pineapple , .
the person cubed the pineapple .
the person put the pieces into a container .
the person added water and spices to the pineapple .
the person added water and salt .
the person stirred with his hands .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the pineapple into small chunks .
the person put the chunks into a bowl .
the person added water and seasoning .
the person cut up a pineapple .
the person put the pineapple in a plastic bowl .
the person put salt in the plastic bowl .
the person sttired the salt up .
the person got out a pineapple , cutting board , knife , and plastic container .
the person cut off the stem and husk of the pineapple .
the person discarded the stem and husk of the pineapple .
the person cubed the meat of the pineapple .
the person added the pineapple to the container with some water and salt .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced a pineapple into little pieces .
the person placed the pineapple into a container .
the person cut the crown off a pineapple , .
the person proceeded to peel a pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into rounds .
the person chopped the pineapple .
the person added the pineapple chunks to a tupperware .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out one pineapple .
the person cut off the rough sides .
the person threw the rough sides into the trash .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple .
the person placed the pieces into a bowl .
the person added water and salt .
the person brought a pineapple from the refrigerator .
the person cut the outside skin off the pineapple .
the person diced the pineapple into medium chunks .
the person put the medium chunks of pineapple in a plastic bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked over to the fridge .
the person took out a pineapple from the fridge .
the person cleaned the husk off the pineapple , .
the person separated the fruit from the skin .
the person sliced up the pineapple .
the person cubed the pineapple .
the person washed the pineapple off .
the person cleaned up the pineapple .
the person took out a pineapple and a cutting board .
the person took off the outer layer of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into small squares .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple .
the person skin from the pineapple .
the person threw the skin away .
the person diced the pineapple into medium chunks .
the person put the pieces into a bowl .
the person removed the skin off a pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into a plastic container .
the person gathered materials needed .
before the person began to remove the rough outer skin from the pineapple .
the person cut all of the outer layer from the pineapple , .
the person cut the pineapple , .
the person sliced the pineapple into small cube shaped pieces .
the person placed the pieces into a tupperware container .
the person sprinkled the pineapple cubed with sugar .
mixed the sugar in .
the person took pineapple , cutter board , knife and plastic bowl from kitchen .
the person chopped the pineapple into small pieces .
the person moved pineapple into bowl .
the person added water and salt for taste .
the person grabbed a pineapple from a refrigerator .
the person grabbed a cutting board , a knife and a bowl from a drawer .
the person cut off the skin and both ends of the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into small pieces .
the person put the small pineapple pieces in a bowl .
the person added water and salt .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person got a pineapple from the fridge .
the person cut the top and the rind off , .
the person threw the top and the rind off into the trash .
the person cut the remainder of the fruit into disc , into small squares .
the person put the remainder of the fruit all into a plastic container , .
the person added some water and some unknown spice , .
the person mixed some water and some unknown spice .
the person got a pineapple out of a fridge .
the person prepared to chop a pineapple up .
the person removed the top , the bottom and the outer skin .
the person cut a pineapple up into small chunks .
the person put the chunks in a plastic container .
the person added some water and something from a small jar .
the person mixed some water and something from a small jar all up .
the person got two plums .
the person rinsed the plums .
the person peeled the skin off of each plum with a knife .
the person sliced the plums .
the person put the skin and pits of the plums in a bowl .
the person took out two plums .
the person washed the plums .
the person peeled the plums .
the person cut the plums into small pieces .
the person peeled two plums .
the person cut each plum in half .
the person used his knife to cut the plum away from the pit .
the person entered kitchen .
the person pulled out two plums from the refrigerator .
the person took a metal bow , cutting board , small and large knife .
the person washed the plums .
the person peeled the plums .
the person sliced the plums .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two peaches out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the peaches , .
the person peeled the peaches .
the person cut the peaches into sections .
the person put the peels and pits into a bowl .
the person put the peach slices on the cutting board .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained two plums , a cutting board , knife and bowl .
the person washed the plums .
the person peeled the plums , .
the person cut the plums into wedges .
the person discarded the core into the bowl along with the peels .
the person got two plums from a fridge .
the person washed the plums in a sink .
the person peeled the plums .
the person chopped the plums .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out some plums .
the person rinsed off the plums .
the person peeled the plums .
the person sliced the plums .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two plums from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board , bowl and two knives from the drawers .
the person rinsed the plums .
the person peeled the plums .
the person sliced the plums into slices on the cutting board .
the person took out two plums .
the person peeled the plums .
the person sliced the plums .
the person ate a small piece .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two plums from the fridge .
the person rinsed the plums in the sink .
the person peeled the plums .
the person cut both plums into slices .
the person discarded the pits .
the person took out two plums , a bowl , a cutting board , and knives .
for each plum , the person peeled the fruit into the bowl .
the person sliced the flesh of the fruit from the pit .
the person tossed the pits into the bowl with the peel .
the person grabbed two plums from a refrigerator .
the person peeled both plums with a peeling knife .
the person leaved the skins in the bowl .
the person cut the plums in half and into smaller pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person removed some plums from the refrigerator .
the person removed some cleaning utensilled out of the drawers .
the person cleaned the plums , .
the person peeled the plums .
the person sliced the plums .
the person ate a piece of the prepared plums .
the person removed two plums from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the skin off of both plums .
the person sliced the plums into pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some produce from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board , knife , and bowl .
the person peeled the produce .
the person sliced the produce on the cutting board .
the person washed the plums in the sink .
the person began to peel the plums into a bowl .
the person cut the plums into pieces on a cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two pieces of fruit from the fridge .
the person got a bowl , knife , and cutting board from under the sink .
the person peeled the pieces of fruit .
the person sliced both pieces of fruit .
the person peeled a nectarine .
the person sliced a nectarine .
the person repeated the slicing and peeling again on another nectarine .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person toasted two pieces of bread .
the person got bread from a fridge .
the person got a toaster from a drawer .
the person toasted the bread in the toaster .
the person took a bag of bread out of the pantry .
the person put two slices of bread into a toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the bread on a plate .
the person took out a loaf of bread and the toaster .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person stored the toaster .
the person entered a kitchen area .
the person retrieved items necessary to prepare toast .
the person plugged in the toaster to an outlet , .
the person inserted the bread , .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the bread loaf away .
manually shut the toaster off .
the person took a plate .
the person placed his toast upon a plate .
the person disconnected the toaster and electrical outlet .
the person stowed the toaster and electrical outlet .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person got a toaster out of a drawer .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the cook pulled the the bread and toaster out of the cabinet .
the person plugged up the toaster .
the person placed two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person checked the temperature setting .
the person lowered the handle .
once the bread popped up , .
the person placed the bread on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a bread loaf .
the person fetched a toaster .
the person put the bread in .
the person put the bread loaf away .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person put the finished toast on the plate .
the person took bread out of the fridge .
the person placed two slices in a toaster .
the person waited for the toast to complete cooking .
the person plated the toast .
the person returned the toaster to the drawer from which he found the toaster .
the person took out a toaster and bread .
the person made toast with the bread .
the person put the toaster back .
the person got the bread and toaster out of the cabinet .
the person put two slices of bread into the toaster .
the person pressed the button .
the person put the toaster and the bread back into the cabinet .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the fellow in the video located an outlet .
the person lifted an outlet from the middle of the counter top .
the person adjusted settings on the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person watched , .
the person waited .
the person stared , .
the cook plugged the toaster into the outlet .
the person put two slices of bread in , .
two pieces of toast came back .
the warm toast sat on the cool plate waiting for sandwich fixings .
the person took white bread from the cabinet in the back and a toaster from below .
the person plugged the toaster in , .
the person slid in two slices of bread .
the person made two slices of bread toast ; .
in the meanwhile the person resealed the bread package .
the person put back the bread package in the cabinet .
a bit , the person switched off the toaster timer , .
the person put the toasted slices in a plate , .
unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster back under the bench .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed the toast onto the plate .
the person removed a loaf of white bread and electric toaster from the kitchen cupboards .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person pushed the lever down to start the toaster .
the person waited for about two minutes until the toasting completed .
the person removed the toast .
the person set the toast on a plate , .
the person put away the toaster and bread .
the person retrieved a loaf of bread .
the person plugged a toaster into a pop up electrical outlet .
the person made toast .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed bread and a toaster .
the person toasted the bread in the toaster .
the person placed the finished toast on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person took out a toaster .
the person put two slices of bread in a toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the bread on a plate .
the person put the toaster away .
the person pulled out a toaster onto the counter .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person toasted bread in the toaster .
the person removed the toast from the toaster .
the person stored the toast .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster .
the person removed bread , .
the person placed some on a plate .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread , .
the person put the rest of the bread away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a toaster .
the person got a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person waited .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person pulled out the toaster .
the person pulled out a plate from the cabinet .
the person pulled out the loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person toasted two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person put the rest of the loaf of bread back into the refrigerator .
the person pulled out the toast from the toaster .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person put away the toaster .
the toast on the plate the person was done .
the person took out a toaster , a plate and some bread .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person used the toaster to toast two pieces of toast .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person put a plate in the cabinet .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person put two slices of bread in to toast , .
the person checked the settings .
the person took the bread out of the toaster , .
the person turned the toaster around .
the person took two more slices of bread from the bag .
the person put the bread on a plate , .
the person decided to put the bread back into the bag .
the person took out the bread from the toaster , .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster away , .
the person put the bread into the cupboard .
before walking away .
the person entered a kitchen set .
the person removed a toaster from a cabinet .
the person got some bread from the refrigerator .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person proceeded to toast two pieces of bread .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out a toaster .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person started making two slices of toast in a toaster .
the person almost used two more slices of bread for something .
the person decided against the bread for something .
the person took the two slices of toast .
the person put two slices on a plate , .
the person put the plate in the cabinet .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a toaster , a plate , and a loaf of bread .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put away the toaster and loaf of bread .
the person put the plate of toast in a cupboard .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person toasted two pieces of bread .
the person got a toaster , a plate , and some bread .
the person put a toaster a plate and some bread items on the counter top .
the person pluged the toaster in , .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person put everything away .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread and some toast .
the person toasted the bread with a toaster .
the person plated the bread .
the person cleared what he utilized .
the person left the room .
the person in the kitchen got out a toaster and bread .
the person put bread in the toaster .
the person put the bread away .
the person put the toasted bread on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person made some toast .
the person put the toast into the cabinet .
the person left the kitchen .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person placed the toast onto a plate .
the person placed the plate in a cabinet .
the person grabbed a toaster from underneath the cabinet .
the person grabbed a plate out of the cabinet .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person took a toaster out of the drawer .
the person put a toaste on the cabinet .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the refrigerator .
the person put two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person put the toaster away in the bottom drawer .
the person took out a toaster .
the person took out a plate and a loaf of bread .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person put the bread back in the refrigerator .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board , plate , and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the pomegranate into quarters .
the person scraped the seeds onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person cut the pomegranate into quarters .
the person seeded the pomegranate with his fingers .
the person placed the seeds on a plate and the scraps into a waste bin .
the person cleaned the cutting board in the sink .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person rinsed the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person peeled the seeds from the flesh onto a plate .
the person washed the cutting board , .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person cut a pomegranate on a cutting board .
the person removed the seeds into the plate .
the person finished he thoroughly cleaned up herself .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
the person wiped down the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person cut a pomegranate .
the person emptied the seeds onto a plate .
the person cut a pomegranate in half .
the person cut the pomegranate in to quarters .
the person removed the seeds from the peel .
the person removed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person halved a pomegranate .
the person seeded the pomegranate .
the person washed his hands , the dishes , and the counter .
the person washed a pomegranate .
the person cut a pomegranate into sections .
the person hand seeded the pomegranate onto a plate .
the person grabbed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the pomegranate .
the person cut a pomogranate in quarters .
the person removed the pomegranate seeds by hand .
the person put the pomegranate seeds on a plate .
the person threw the skins in the garbage .
the person cleaned the counter with a dampened cloth .
the person took a pomegranate out of the fridge .
the person cut a pomegranate in half , .
the person cut one half into quarters .
the person picked up one of the quarters .
slowly worked all the arils out of the pomegranate bit by bit onto a plate .
the person was done , he washed his hands and cutting board .
the person threw away the pomegranate leftovers .
the person wiped down the counter with a towel .
the person grabbed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person cut a pomegranate into quarters .
the person took each quarter .
the person placed all the pomegranate seeds on a plate .
the person separated the pomegranate seeds from the skin by hand .
the person cleaned the counter and sink .
the person threw all the skin in the trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person cut a pomegranate into fourths .
by hand , the person picked apart the fruit , .
the person pulled out the seeds onto a plate .
the person threw away the rind and the unusable left overs .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person prepared a place he cut open the pomegranate .
the person placed the seeds on a plate .
the person had finished removing the seeds he cleaned the cooking area .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person put the seeds onto a plate .
the person disposed of the pomegranate husk .
the person entered into the kitchen room .
the person took one pomegranate fruit and cutting plate .
the person cut the fruit using by knife .
the person got the seeds of the fruit .
the person kept the seeds on the cleaned plate .
the person cleaned the kitchen room with wet cloth .
the person de-seeded a pomegranate .
the person put the pomegranate in a bowl .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate , .
the person sliced a pomegranate .
the person removed the seeds to the plate .
the person threw away the peels to the trash .
the person cleaned the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from a fridge .
the person put the seeds in a bowl .
the person picked all the seeds out of the pomegranate .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate into fourths .
the person removed the seeds into a bowl .
the person cut the pomegranate into four pieces .
the person worked on each piece at a time .
the person pried each piece open , the pomegranate broke into further small pieces .
the person de-seeded the pomegranate in parts .
the person arrived in the kitchen .
the person sliced a pomegranate fruit into four slices .
the person emptied the fruit out of the corner pieces onto a plate .
the person cleaned up the kitchen area .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a pomegranate , plate , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate into quarters .
the person placed the seeds onto the plate .
the person removed the seeds from each quarter , .
the person discarded the flesh .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a coffee pot .
the person put the water , filter and coffee into the pot .
the person plugged in the pot .
the person made the coffee .
the person took out a cup and saucer .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out a coffee machine .
the person put water and coffee into the machine .
the person turned the coffee machine on .
the person waited for the coffee to be finished .
the person poured himself a cup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person prepared coffee using a coffee machine .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person brought out coffee maker .
the person filled the coffee maker with water , a filter , and ground coffee .
the person waited until the coffee maker brewed a pot of coffee .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set out a coffee maker .
the person filled the maker with water , .
the person added a filter and coffee .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person brewed the coffee .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the machine took out a coffee machine from the drawer .
the person placed coffee into the machine .
the person turned the machine on .
the person poured the coffee into a cup .
the person took out a coffee machine .
the person added water to the machine .
the person added coffee to the machine .
the person made coffee .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person put some water in the coffee pot .
the person poured the water in the coffee maker .
the person hooked up the coffee maker .
the person got a strainer and some coffee .
the person put the strainer and some coffee in the coffee maker .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person got a coffee cup , .
the person waited for the coffee to cook , .
the person put the coffee in the cup .
the person took a coffee maker out of the cabinet .
the person got a filter and ground coffee from the pantry .
the person put the filter and ground coffee in the coffee maker .
the person brewed a pot of coffee .
the person poured some into a cup .
the person filled a coffee maker with water .
the person poured some coffee into a filter he placed in the machine .
the person waited .
the person poured the coffee into a cup .
the person added coffee grounds to the machine .
the person poured the coffee into a mug .
the person filled the coffeemaker with water and coffee grounds .
the person plugged in a coffeemaker .
the person started the machine .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person filled a cup with the finished coffee .
the person filled a coffee maker with water .
the person placed a filter and two tablespoons of coffee grounds into the machine .
the coffee brewed , .
the person retrieved a mug and saucer .
the person powered off the machine .
the person poured his coffee .
the person got a coffee maker from a drawer .
the person got coffee and filters from a cabinet .
the person brewed the coffee in the coffee maker .
the person poured the coffee into a cup .
the person filled a coffee maker with water .
the person put a coffee filter and coffee in the coffee maker .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person put the coffee in a cup .
the person filled the coffee maker with water and coffee ground .
the person waited along time for the coffee to be made .
the coffee was finished , the person poured the coffee into his coffee cup .
the person placed a filter in a manual coffee filter .
the person brewed two large spoons of coffee .
the person unplugged the coffee maker .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person put water into the coffee maker .
the person put a filter and ground coffee into the coffee maker .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person poured the coffee into a mug .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person placed water and coffee granules into the coffee maker .
the person poured the coffee into a coffee cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker , coffee , and a cup .
the person filled the coffee maker with water and coffee .
the person waited until the coffee brewed .
the person filled the cup with the finished coffee .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took two onions from refrigerator .
the person made onions into pieces with knife .
the person fried onions on a pan .
the person cleaned pad and spoon with water .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took out two onions , a knife , a cutting board , a frying pan , and a spatula .
the person diced the onions .
sauteed the onions in olive oil .
the person put the knife away , .
the person washed the dishes except for the pan , .
the person left the dishes to dry , .
the person checked that the stove was turned off he left the kitchen .
the person peeled an onion .
the person diced an onion .
the person placed an onion in a pan with a small amount of oil .
the person browned the onions stirring occasionally cleaning .
the person took out two shallots , .
the person peeled the two shallots over the trash can .
the person cut one of the two shallots into small pieces , .
the person dumped two shallots into a pan on the stove .
the person turned on the heat .
the person added oil .
the person stirred the shallots occasionally with a spatula .
the shallots were brown , the person moved the pan to an unheated burner .
the person turned off the stove .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person acquired two onions , a knife , cutting board and pan .
the person peeled both onions .
the person diced both onions , .
sauteed both onions in the pan with oil .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person diced an onion into tiny pieces .
the person browned the onions in a skillet .
the person cleaned as he waited for the onions to brown .
the person got out two small onions .
the person peeled two small onions over the garbage .
the person diced the onions on a cutting board .
the person put the diced onions in a skillet with some oil .
the person cooked the onions until they were golden brown .
the person got two onions out of the cabinet .
the person peeled both onions .
the diced the onions .
the person cooked the onions in a skillet .
the person got two onions from a fridge .
the person peeled the onions .
the person diced the onions .
the person cooked the onions in a frying pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two onions from the pantry .
the person used a knife and cutting board to dice the onions .
the person cooked the onions in a pan with some olive oil .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person started the stove .
the person fried the onion in the pan with olive oil .
the person washed the knife , cutting board , and wooden spoon .
the person peeled two small onions over the trash .
the person cut the two onions into small pieces .
the person put both onions into a frying pan .
the person put oil into the frying pan .
the person stirred both onions together .
the person cleaned up .
the person continued stirring the onions .
the person cut up two onions .
the person put two onions in a skillet , .
the person added oil .
the person cooked two onions .
the person cooked two onions until brown .
the person washed the cutting board and stirring spoon he used .
the person took out two onions .
the person chopped up the onions .
the person cooked the onions .
the person cleaned up his dishes .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person chopped onions on the cutting board .
the person cooked the onions using the frying pan .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person grabbed two onions from a cabinet .
the person peeled two onions with a knife .
the person cut both onions into small pieces .
the person put both onions on a preheated pan .
the person poured oil .
the person cooked the onions .
the person stirred the onions in the pan .
the person turned off the stove .
the person took out two onions and a cutting board .
the person peeled the onions .
the person cut the onions .
the person sauteed the onions in a skillet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two small onions .
the person cut the two onions into small pieces .
the person sauteed the onions on the stove .
the person cleaned up the dishes .
the person peeled two onions .
the person used a cutting board and knife to slice two onions into small pieces .
the person placed the onions into a pan , .
the person turned the heat on .
the person browned the onions .
the person cleaned the utensils he used .
the person peeled two onions .
the person sliced two onions into thin slices .
the person put a saute pan onto the stove .
the person dumped the onions into the pan .
the onions were cooked , the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person placed an egg in an egg holder .
the person cracked the top of the egg with a spoon .
the person peeled part of the top shell away to create a whole .
the person poured the white of the egg out the whole into a cup .
the person poured the remaining yellow in the shell into another cup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out an egg , two cups , egg holder and plate .
the person lightly tapped the egg with a spoon , .
the person removed the tip of the shell .
the person poured out the whites into one cup .
the person poured the yolk into another cup .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person carefully peeled a hole in the top of the egg .
the person drained the egg whites into one coffee cup .
the person dropped the egg yolk into another coffee cup .
the person got an egg out the fridge .
the person cracked the egg .
the person poured the egg into a cup .
the person placed the egg shell on a plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person took out two cups .
the person took the egg .
the person punched a hole in the top .
the person put the white of the egg into on cup , .
the yellow part in another cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved an egg and two teacups .
the person cracked a small hole in the top of the egg , .
the person poured the white out into a teacup .
the person made the hole a little larger .
the person dropped the yolk out into the other teacup .
the person took an egg , an egg stand , and two cups .
the person took the egg .
the person cracked the egg open on the egg stand with a spoon .
the person poured two halves of the egg yolk inside of two cups .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked an egg open .
the person poured the egg white into one cup .
the person peeled an egg a little more .
the person poured the egg yolk into another cup .
the person got an egg from a fridge .
the person got two cups from a cabinet .
the person broke part of the egg open .
the person separated the egg into the two cups .
the person went to the refrigerator to retrieve an egg .
the person carefully cracked the top of the egg with a spoon .
the person poured the white of the egg into one small cup .
the person poured the yolk into another small cup .
the person cracked the egg with a spoon .
the person poured the egg whites into one cup .
the person poured the egg yolk in another cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an egg .
the person got two bowled and a plate from the cabinet .
the person cracked the egg .
the person drained the white into a bowl .
the person drained the yolk into a second bowl .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person gathered the necessary supplies to separate the white from the yolk of an egg .
the person carefully made a small hole in the top of the egg .
the person poured out the whites into a mug .
the person made the opening larger to get the yolk out , .
the person opened a hole in the top of an eggshell with a spoon .
the person was able to pour out the white of the egg into a cup .
the person carefully enlarged the hole , .
the yolk tipped out into another cup .
the person pierced an egg in a small cup , .
the person finished that , he placed the egg white into another bowl .
the person poured the yolk into a bowl .
the person stood up straight .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person got two bowled and an egg cup from a cupboard .
the person cracked the egg .
the person poured the egg white into a bowl .
the person poured egg yolk into a bowl .
the person stepped back he was done .
the person entered in kitchen .
the person took an egg , cup and egg holder from refrigerator and cupboard .
the person kept the cup and holder in cooktop .
the person placed an egg in holder .
the person tapped an egg with spoon .
the person poured egg white in one cup and yolk in other cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person got two small cups from the pantry .
the person separated the egg into the bowled by poking a hole in the eggshell and draining the yolk .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person took out two mugs , an egg cup a plate and a spoon .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the egg .
the person put the yolk into one mug and the white into the other mug .
the person carefully cracked the top of an egg with a spoon .
the person removed a small amount of shell .
the person poured the egg whites carefully out of the egg .
the person removed more shell .
the person created a bigger hole .
the person poured the whole egg yolk into a separate cup .
the person got a lime from a fridge .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime on a hand juicer .
the person poured the lime juice in a glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person used a knife , cutting board and juicer to juice the lime .
the person cleaned his utensils .
the person poured the lime juice into a glass .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person used the lime on a juicer .
the person poured the lime juice into a tall glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out one lime .
the person halved the lime .
the person juiced the lime .
the person threw the empty lime skins into the trash .
the person poured the lime juice into a tall glass .
the person juiced a lime .
the person cleaned up all of his mess .
the person poured the lime juice in to a glass cup .
the person took a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person squeezed the juice out using a plastic juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person took out a lime from the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in two .
thoroughly squeezed both halves using a manual juicer .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person sliced a lime in half .
the person pressed both lime halves on the juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person got a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced a lime in half .
the person used a juicer to juice each half .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person removed lime from refrigerator .
the person washed the lime in sink .
the person took bowl , cutter board , knife and juicer bowl from drawer .
the person cut the lime into two half on its center .
the person squeezed the lime in juicer bowl .
the person extracted the juice into bowl .
the person cleaned up everything .
the person poured the juice in one glass .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person brought a lime from the refrigerator .
the person took a juicer from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half on a cutting board .
the person juiced the lime .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person washed the juicer .
the person took a lime from the fridge .
the person cut the lime into two pieces .
the person squeezed the lime with a juicer .
the person washed all the utensils , he used .
the person poured the juice in a glass .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in half on a cutting board .
the person juiced the lime .
the person cleaned up all the utensils .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a lime .
the person cut into half .
the person squeezed the lime in the juicer .
the person transferred the juice to a glass .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a lime , juicer , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the utensils , .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person sliced a lime in half .
the person juiced both halves of the lime with a hand-juicer .
the person cleaned his utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person poured the lime juice into a glass .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator , .
the person removed a juicer from the drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half , .
the person twisted the lime over the juicer .
the person poured the lime juice in a glass .
the person entered in clean kitchen .
the person took lime from refrigerator .
the person also took a steel pot a tiffen a mat and a knife .
the person washed a steel pot a tiffen a mat and a knife .
the person cut lime .
the person start grabbing on tiffun .
the person washed pot knife and mat .
the person put the pot knife and mat in drawer .
the person took a glass .
the person put all water in glass .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a lime .
the person juiced a lime .
the person cleaned the dishes .
the person put the juice in a glass .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person assembled some supplies to juice the lime .
the person cut the juice in half with a knife .
juiced one half of the lime .
the person juiced the second half .
the person cleaned up .
the person went into the cupboard .
the person got out the coffee maker and coffee .
the person put water and coffee into the coffee maker .
the person took out coffee and a coffee machine .
the person made coffee .
the person put the coffee into a cup .
the person added milk to the coffee .
the person added some coffee to a coffee maker .
the person waited for some coffee to finish .
the person added coffee and cream to a cup .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker and coffee out .
the person used the coffee maker to brew some coffee .
the person added cream to the coffee .
the person tasted the coffee .
the person put away the coffee maker .
the person got out the coffee maker .
the person poured water in the coffee maker , along with coffee and a filter .
the person brewed the coffee .
the person poured the coffee in the cup .
the person measured the water using the pot .
the person poured the water into the reservoir .
the person added a coffee filter to the pot .
the person filled a coffee filter with coffee grounds .
the person turned on the pot .
the person gathered a cup , saucer and spoon .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person stirred in some creamer .
a gentleman entered the kitchen .
the person removed a coffee maker from the cabinets .
the person cleaned up .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person prepared a cup of coffee using a coffee machine .
the person poured the coffee into a small cup .
the person took out a coffee brewer .
the person added water , a filter , and coffee grounds to the brewer .
the person brewed the coffee .
the person poured some coffee in a cup with some creamer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a coffee maker on the counter .
the person poured water into the coffee maker .
the person put a filter and some coffee in the maker .
the person turned the maker on .
the person poured a cup of coffee .
the person added some cream .
the person put water , a filter and coffee in a maker .
the person poured coffee into a cup .
the person added milk .
the person stirred the coffee up .
the person put the pot on the counter and the maker back in the drawer .
the person grabbed a coffee maker from the drawer .
the person plugged a coffee maker in .
the person collected a jar of coffee and filters from the pantry .
the person placed a filter in the maker .
the person turned on the coffee maker .
the person fetched a cup and plate .
the person poured some coffee in the cup .
the person drank a sip of coffee .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out the coffee maker .
the person put the water , filter and coffee in the coffee maker .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person took out a cup and saucer , a spoon and the milk .
the person poured a cup of coffee the coffee was don .
the person added milk .
the person put the coffee maker and milk away .
the person put water in a coffee maker .
the person put a filter and coffee in the coffee maker .
the person poured the coffee and some milk in a cup .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person put coffee in the maker .
the person turned the coffee on .
the person poured the coffee into a cup .
the person added milk to the cup .
the person got a coffee maker from a cabinet .
the person filled a coffee maker with water and coffee .
the person turned a coffee maker on .
the person poured the coffee into a cup .
the person made coffee .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person put everything away .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person took out coffee .
the person made coffee in the coffee maker .
the person filled the reservoir of the coffee pot with water .
the person put a coffee filter and ground coffee into the filter .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person added milk to the cup of coffee .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed the coffee ground , coffee filters , and coffee maker .
the person put water and coffee ground into the coffee maker .
the coffee was finished , the person poured creamer into the cup of coffee .
the person took out a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person cut the cucumber into many slices .
the person cut the slices into small pieces .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber lengthwise into thin slices .
the person stacked the cucumber evenly .
the person sliced the cucumber widthwise .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person washed a cucumber .
dice a cucumber .
the person diced a cucumber , .
the person set the knife on the counter .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a cucumber off .
the person placed a cucumber on a cutting board .
the person began to cut a cucumber with a long knife .
by slicing the cucumber both length and width wise .
the person cut the cucumber into cubes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cucumber out the fridge .
the person sliced the cucumber into little pieces .
the person took a cucumber out of the fridge .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person chopped the cucumber .
by cutting the cucumber length-wise width-wise .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person sliced the cucumber length-wise .
the person sliced the slices down their width .
the person took out a cucumber and cutting board .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person cut the cucumber into pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired a cutting board , knife and cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to slice the cucumber into thin strips .
the person cut the strips into small pieces .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator , and a cutting board and a knife from drawers .
the person cut up the cucumber into lengthwise slices .
the person cut these cross-sectionally .
the person entered .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber sliced into small pieces .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into small pieces .
the person washed a cucumber well .
the person cut the cucumber into thin slices , along the length of the cucumber .
the person diced these slices into approximately quarter inch thick pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person chose a long sharp knife to slice a cucumber into very small pieces .
first , the person sliced a cucumber lengthwise .
the person crisscrossed horizontally with the knife .
the person grabbed a cucumber , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise and width wise .
the person was done , he had a pile of chopped cucumber .
the person took a cucumber from the fridge .
the person took out the necessary utensils to cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person sliced the cucumber into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person took a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a cucumber off in the sink .
the person diced a cucumber on a cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an electric heating pitcher to make tea .
the person filled the pitcher with water .
the person plugged the pitcher into an outlet built into the counter .
before getting out the tea pot .
the person got a bag of tea leaved from a cabinet .
the person bought a bag of tea leaved to the counter .
before getting a tea infuser and spoon from a drawer .
the person filled the infuser with tea leaved .
the person put the infuser in the tea pot .
the person got a mug .
the water was hot the person poured the water into the pot to brew , .
that was done the person poured the water into his mug .
the person retrieved a coffee pot from the drawer .
the person filled a coffee pot with water .
the person collected a bag off coffee from the pantry .
the person obtained a cup from the cabinet , .
the person poured some coffee into a cup .
the person heated water with an electric kettle .
the person brewed a pot of tea with the hot water and a tea infuser .
the person filled a cup with tea .
the person pulled an electronic boiler from the bottle cabinet .
the person filled an electronic boiler with water .
the person plugged an electronic boiler in .
the person filled the mini filter with tea .
the water was hot the person poured the water in the cup .
the person placed a tea bag in a pot .
the person poured his tea into a cup .
the person placed the tea infuser into the pot .
the person added hot water to the pot .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person filled an electric kettle with water .
the person measured loose tea into a tea ball .
the person placed a tea ball into a glass teapot .
the person filled the teapot with heated water .
the person put the electric kettle away .
the person poured the tea into a white cup .
the person obtained a tea maker , a tea pot , an infuser ball , a package of tea grounds , and a spoon .
the person filled the tea maker with water .
the person powered the tea maker up .
the person filled the infuser ball with tea grounds .
the person placed the infuser ball into the tea pot .
the person poured hot water into the tea pot , .
the person discarded the tea maker , .
the person filled a cup with the tea he had made .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kettle , tea pot , tea cup and tea .
the person heated water in the kettle .
the person put tea into the tea pot .
the person poured the hot water into the tea pot .
the person poured the tea into the tea cup .
the person heated water in a kettle .
the person put tea in a tea infuser .
the person put the infuser and hot water in a pot .
the person poured the tea into a cup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person poured the tea into a teacup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a tea kettle .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person took out a tea pot , tea ball and loose tea .
the person filled the tea ball with tea , .
the person put the tea ball in the pot .
the person poured in the hot water .
the person unplugged the tea kettle .
the person poured the tea into a mug .
the person got a tea pot and kettle from a drawer .
the person got tea from a cabinet .
the person put tea in a tea bag .
the person put the tea bag in a pot .
the person poured hot water on a pot .
the person took out a tea maker .
the person put some water in a tea maker .
the person hooked the tea maker to a device .
the person turned the tea maker on .
the person took out a tea pot , .
the person got some tea , and a tea ball .
the person put four spoonfuls of tea in the tea ball .
the person put the tea ball in the tea pot .
the person poured the water in the tea pot , in the tea cup .
the person filled a tea kettle with water .
the person heated a tea kettle on an electric hot plate .
the person put loose tea into a tea strainer .
the person put the tea strainer into the teapot .
the person poured the hot water into the teapot .
the person poured the tea into a mug .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed an electric kettle from a cabinet .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person started the water to boil .
the person grabbed tea and a tea infuser as well as a a teapot .
the person filled the tea infuser with loose tea .
the person placed the tea infuser into the teapot .
the person poured the water into the teapot .
the person poured a cup of the tea into a teacup .
the person entered the kitchen .
heated water in an electric kettle .
the person scooped tea leaved into a strainer .
the person put a strainer in a glass pot .
the person poured hot water into the pot .
the person let the tea steep , .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person warmed some water in a water warmer .
the person put some tea into a tea ball .
the person placed the tea ball and the warmed water into a tea pot .
the person poured a glass of tea from the pot into a cup .
the person heated up water .
the person placed the tea into a container .
the person capped a container .
the person placed the tea bag into the pot , .
the person poured water over the pot .
the person steeped the tea , .
the person poured the tea into a cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out cauliflower , a cutting board , a bowl and a cutting board .
the person chopped up the cauliflower .
the person put pieces in the bowl and trashcan .
the person washed the knife and the cutting board .
the person stood still .
the person removed a head of cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person peeled off the outer leaves .
the person threw the outer leaves in the trash .
the person cut the head in half .
the person broke apart each half with his hands .
the person cut those pieces into smaller pieces .
the person put the cauliflower pieces into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person took a cauliflower .
the person cleaned the vegetable .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person transferred the pieces to a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person took a cauliflower .
the person removed the outerlayer of the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person transferred the pieces into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person took a cauliflower .
the person cleaned the vegetable .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person transferred the pieces to a bowl .
the person peeled the cauliflower .
the person sliced the head of cauliflower in half .
the person cut the halves into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the strainer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cauliflower , knife , colander and cutting board .
the person took the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person cut off the stem .
the person cut the cauliflower into medium sized pieces .
the person put the medium sized pieces in a colander .
the person diced some cauliflower into pieces .
the person placed the pieces in a bowl .
the person cleaned up .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person removed the leaves from a head of cauliflower .
the person chopped the cauliflower head into small pieces .
the person put the pieces into a bowl .
the person removed the leaves and stalk from a head of cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower in half .
the person pulled the halves of cauliflower into pieces .
the person cut the pieces of cauliflower into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a head of cauliflower from the fridge .
the person cut the cauliflower .
the person took out some cauliflower .
the person separated the cauliflower into bite-sized portions .
the person cleaned his knife he finished .
the person took a head of cauliflower out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces with a knife .
the person placed the pieces into a strainer .
the person removed the inedible or less desirable parts of a head of cauliflower .
the person discarded leaves , stemmed or damaged portions .
the person cut the florets into bite-sized pieces which could be cooked or eaten raw .
the person got a cauliflower from a fridge .
the person cut the leaves off the cauliflower .
the person chopped the cauliflower into florets .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out cauliflower from the refrigerator .
the person chopped the cauliflower up .
the person placed the chopped cauliflower into the bowl .
the person pulled the green leafs from the outside of the cauliflower .
the person discarded the green leafs .
the person cut the stalk off the head .
the person pulled the cauliflower apart by hand .
the person trimmed the stalk from each small piece .
the person placed the pieces in a colander .
the person cleaned the work area .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced the cauliflower into little pieces .
the person placed the cauliflower into the silver bowl .
the person entered the kitchen room .
the person took a cauliflower .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into pieces .
the person transferred the pieces to a bowl .
the person removed the leaves from a cauliflower .
the person cut the stem from the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into florets .
the person took out an orange .
the person washed the orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange .
the person got an orange from the fridge .
the person cut the orange peel off .
the person presented the orange on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got ready to cut an orange .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife , an orange , and a place .
the person washed the orange , .
the person peeled the orange with the knife .
the person cut the orange into pieces .
the person finished by placing the pieces on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange into small quarters .
the person put the orange pieces onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , a knife , and a plate .
the person got a grapefruit , .
the person washed a grapefruit , .
the person pealed a grapefruit , .
the person sliced a grapefruit .
the person put the slices onto his plate .
the person took out an orange and a cutting board .
the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange .
the person placed the orange onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out an orange and cutting board .
the person peeled the orange with a knife .
the person sliced the orange in rounds .
the person quartered the rounds .
the person placed the orange on a plate .
the person pushed the plate forward towards the center of the counter .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , knife , plate , and orange .
the person used the knife to slice the orange on the cutting board .
the person transferred the sliced orange to the plate .
the person got an orange and cutting materials out of the kitchen .
the person peeled the orange using his knife .
the person sliced the orange .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person put the cut orange on his plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person acquired a cutting board , knife , plate and orange .
the person washed the orange , .
the person peeled the orange , .
sliced and quartered the orange .
the person placed the quartered pieces on the plate using the knife .
the young person got his work station ready .
the person peeled an orange .
the person sliced an orange .
the person arranged the orange on a plate .
the person sliced a pineapple on a cutting board with a large knife .
the person discarded the top and bottom slices of the pineapple .
the person skinned each slice of pineapple .
the person sliced each slice of pineapple into chunks .
the person placed the chunks on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got cutting board and a knife out .
the person got a pineapple from the pantry .
the person cut off the top and bottom .
the person cut the rind off the pineapple .
the person cut the rest into small pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate and in a bowl .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person got out a pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple .
the person put some of the pineapple on a plate and some of the pineapple in a bowl .
the person cut a pineapple into thin slices .
the person cut the skin from the slices .
the person quartered the pineapple into triangles .
the person put the triangular slices onto a plate and also into a bowl .
the person got a pineapple from the shelf .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person cut the rough edges off .
the person cut the pineapple into small eight slices .
the person went in a kitchen .
the person selected a pineapple .
the person cut a pineapple on a cutting board with a knife .
the person put the pieces on a plate and in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the pineapple into slices , .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pineapple on a plate and in a bowl .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person removed a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person laid the pineapple on a cutting board .
where the person sliced a pineapple into circles .
the person trimmed each piece , .
the person sliced each slice into smaller pieces .
the person transferred the smaller pieces into a dish .
the person sliced a pineapple in a kitchen .
the person chunked most of slices radially .
the person placed some of the chunks in a bowl .
the person placed most of the chunks on a plate .
the person chunked one slice non-radially .
the person got a cutting board and knife out .
the person cut up pineapple .
the person place the pineapple in a plate and into a bowl .
the person cut pineapple on a cutting board .
the person sliced the pineapple into circular slabs .
the person cut each one into eight equal triangular pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple out of the pantry .
the person cut the pineapple into slices on a cutting board .
the person cut the pineapple skin off of the slices .
the person cut the slices into wedges .
the person put half of the wedges on a plate and half in a bowl .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a pineapple out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person cubed the pineapple .
the person put the cubed pineapple into a plate and a bowl .
the person cut up a pineapple , with the rind , into ten discs .
the person cut off the rind off each disc .
the person cut nine of the discs into eight triangular pieces each .
just the last disc , the person chopped up into seven inch-long pieces .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , pineapple and a plate .
the person sliced the pineapple into slices .
the person threw away the crown and the bottom piece .
the person cut off the rind .
the person sliced the slices into smaller pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , pineapple , plate and bowl .
the person cut the pineapple into slices , .
the person peeled the pineapple .
diced each piece .
the person placed the pieces on the plate and bowl .
the person took out a cutting board and pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person peeled each pineapple slice .
the person cut each pineapple slice .
the person put the pieces in a bowl and plate .
the person gathered a cutting board , a knife and a pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person cut each slice into pieces .
the person placed pineapple pieces on a plate and into a bowl .
the person sliced a pineapple .
the person cut the skin of the slices .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces , .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person placed more slices in a bowl .
the person got a pineapple from a fridge .
the person cut the pineapple into circles .
the person cut the skin off the pineapples .
the person cut the pineapples into quarters .
the person put the pineapples on a plate .
the person took out an orange juicer and an orange .
the person sliced the orange in half on a cutting board .
the person squeezed the orange halves onto the juicer .
the person served the juice in a glass .
the person put the juicer , knife , and cutting board away .
the person got an orange from a fridge .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange on a hand juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out an orange , juicer , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the orange in half .
juiced each side .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person pressed each half onto the reamer of a manual citrus juicer .
the person pressed each half till all the juice was extracted .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took knife , pad , juicer and orange .
the person made orange into two pieces .
the person extracted juice from juicer .
the person thrown waste .
the person did put the juice in a glass .
the person cleaned juicer , knife and pad .
the person replaced the juicer , knife and pad in drawer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person cut the orange , .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person washed the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person took out an orange and juicer .
the person cut the orange into two pieces .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the juice in a glass .
the person sliced an orange in half .
the person pressed the orange halves on the juicer .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person gathered an orange and some utensils .
the person sliced the orange .
the person juiced the orange .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person used a white juicer for the two pieces of orange .
the person poured the juice into a drinking glass .
the person got a cutting board , juicer , and orange out of a drawer .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange using the juicer .
the person got a glass out .
the person rinsed his hands and glass off in the sink .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person rinsed the juicer and cutting board off .
the person put the juicer and cutting board back in the drawer .
the person placed an orange on a cutting board .
the person sliced the orange in half with a knife .
the person used a hand juicer to expel the juice from both halves of the orange .
the person poured the juice in the juicer into a glass .
the person cleaned the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person took an orange from the fridge .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person used a juice squeezer to extract the juice .
the person put the juice into a clean glass .
the person cleaned all the utensils used .
the person grabbed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person cut an orange in halves .
the person squeezed both orange halves on top of a plastic squeezer .
the person threw away the squeezed oranges .
the person poured the orange juice in a cup .
the person threw in the trash the orange pulp .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person set out a juicer .
the person brought an orange from the refrigerator .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person cleaned his utensils in the sink .
the person put the utensils away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange .
the person cut the orange .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the orange juice into a glass .
the person cleaned up .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person removed the juice from the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person rinsed the materials .
the person put away the materials .
person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a juicer , an orange , a knife , a cutting board , and a drinking glass .
the person cut the orange in half , .
the person juiced the orange , .
the person threw the orange away , .
the person poured the juice into the glass .
the person washed the dishes .
the person put away the dishes .
the person left the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a juicer on the counter .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator , .
the person sliced an orange in half .
the person twisted both halves over the juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person juiced an orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person cleaned the juicer .
the person took from a fridge half a loaf in a plastic bag .
the person carried half a loaf to a kitchen counter .
where the person got out a chopping board and chef 's knife .
the person cut off one thin slice of bread .
the person took out a loaf of bread , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person cut one slice off the end of the loaf of bread .
the person took a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and cutting board from drawers .
the person used the knife to cut a slice from the loaf of bread .
the person removed bread from the refrigerator .
the person took the bread out of the packaging .
the person placed the bread on a cutting board .
the person sliced off a piece of bread .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a packaged loaf of bread out the fridge .
the person sliced the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person got the bread out from the fridge .
the person placed the bread on a cutting board .
the person sliced the bread .
the person took out a loaf of bread , a cutting board and a knife .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person cut one slice from the loaf using the knife .
the person removed some bread from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person cut a slice from the loaf of bread .
the person took out a loaf of bread and cutting board .
the person put the bread on the cutting board .
the person sliced a single slice of bread .
the person took a loaf of bread from a refrigerator .
the person placed a loaf of bread on a cutting board .
the person cut one thin slice from the loaf .
the person took out a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person removed the loaf from the bag .
the person cut one piece of bread .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a loaf of bread , cutting board and knife .
the person sliced a single piece from the loaf .
the person took the bread out of the fridge .
the person set the bread on the counter .
the person took out a knife .
the person used a knife , he sliced a single piece of bread off the loaf .
the person got bread from a fridge .
the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person sliced the bread with the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out some bread from the refrigerator .
the person cut a slice of the bread on a cutting board .
the person stepped back .
the person spoke to someone in front of him .
the person grabbed a pack of bread from the fridge .
the person placed the bread on a cutting board .
the person sliced the bread once .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a wrapped loaf of bread from a refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and a knife from drawers below a counter top .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person cut a slice on the cutting board using the knife .
the person took a portion of a loaf of brown bread .
the person took out a cutting board and a chopper .
the person cut a one-centimeter thick slice off the loaf .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the fridge .
the person got out a cutting board and knife from the cabinet .
the person cut a slice of bread from the loaf .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out supplies .
the person peeled a chunk of ginger .
the person grated a chunk of ginger .
the person rinsed his materials .
the person put the materials away .
the person seasoned the grated ginger .
the person stirred the grated ginger with a spoon .
the person removed a bowl and kitchen utensils from the drawer .
the person pulled out ginger from the cabinet , .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person grated the ginger , .
seasoned the ginger .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled a ginger using a peeler .
the person poured extra ingredients into the bowl of ginger .
the person peeled a piece of ginger .
the person cleaned up the utensils he used to grate the ginger .
the person grated a piece of ginger .
the person seasoned the bowl of grated ginger .
the person took a ginger .
the person cleaned a ginger .
with a peeler and knife cleaned a ginger .
the person washed a ginger again .
with a grater grated a ginger .
the person added necessary salt and spice .
mixed nicely with a spoon .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took ginger from shelf .
the person peeled ginger .
the person chopped the ginger with vegetable chopper .
the person mixed the ginger with some powder .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got some ginger .
the person cleaned the ginger .
the person grated the ginger .
the person added spices to the ginger .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person chopped the ginger .
the person put the ginger in a bowl .
the person peeled a piece of ginger .
the person cleaned his surroundings .
the person grated the ginger into a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a ginger root , bowl , peeler and knife .
the person peeled the ginger using the peeler .
the person washed a ginger root .
the person grated the ginger using a microplane , .
the person added salt and pepper .
mixed the salt and pepper .
the person took out a knob of ginger from the pantry .
the person washed a knob of ginger off , .
the person peeled a knob of ginger carefully with a vegetable peeler .
the person threw away the skin .
the person washed the utensils he used .
the person took out a grater , .
the person grated the peeled ginger knob .
once the person was done , he seasoned the peeled ginger .
the person stirred the peeled ginger around .
the person took ginger from a cabinet , .
the person rinsed the ginger .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person rinsed the ginger again .
the person grated the ginger into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a ginger root from the pantry .
the person used a peeler to peel a ginger .
a mandolin to grate a ginger into a bowl .
the person added seasoning to the ginger .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bowl from the drawer .
the person took ginger from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the ginger in the sink .
the person peeled the skin from the ginger .
the person grated the ginger into a bowl .
the person added some spices to the ginger .
mixed the ginger .
the person took out ginger and a bowl .
the person cleaned the ginger in a bowl .
the person peeled the ginger .
the person grated the ginger into a bowl .
the person added several seasonings to the ginger .
the person washed a piece of ginger thoroughly by rubbing the skin .
the person peeled off the skin .
the person washed a piece of ginger again .
the person grated the ginger into a bowl .
the person added some salt and chilli powder to the ginger .
the person carefully washed a piece of ginger root , .
the person peeled a piece of ginger root , .
the person grated a piece of ginger root .
before the person finished , he added a spice to the bowl of grated ginger .
mixed the grated ginger well .
the person peeled ginger .
the person rinsed the peeled ginger in the sink .
the person used a grater and grated the ginger into the bowl .
the person mixed the ginger with a spoon .
the person got potatoes from the cupboard .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person got a grater from a drawer .
the person grated the potatoes .
the person cleaned his tools .
the person put the tools away .
the person got two seasonings from the other counter .
seasoned the potatoes .
the person peeled ginger .
the person grated the ginger into a bowl .
the person added spices .
mixed the spices together .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out an orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person pulled the orange apart .
the person got out an orange , knife , and plate .
the person peeled the orange with the knife .
the person separated the peeled orange slices on the plate .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person got a orange from a fridge .
the person peeled the orange over a sink .
the person pulled the sections apart .
the person put the sections on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a knife and an orange .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate on the counter .
the person peeled the orange over the sink .
the person separated the orange slices .
the person placed the orange slices on the plate .
the person took out a knife , an orange , and a plate .
the person peeled the orange using the knife .
the person put the orange pieces on the plate .
the person washed hands .
the person selected the fruit as an ingredient to be placed for dessert .
the person spent a lot of time to remove the pomegranate hard skin of the fruit .
the person succeeded to do removing of the orange hard skin .
the person placed the orange pieces in a plate to be served to the guests .
the person took out an orange and knife .
the person peeled the orange .
the person pulled the orange apart .
the person put the orange pieces onto a plate .
the person gathered a knife , an orange , and a plate .
the person peeled the orange with the knife .
the person sectioned the orange .
the person put the orange on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the pantry .
the person peeled the orange .
the person pulled the orange apart into wedges .
the person put the wedges on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed an orange from the fridge .
the person took a knife .
the person began to cut the skin off of the orange .
the person broke the orange into multiple pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person retrieved a knife , an orange , and a plate .
the person proceeded to peel the orange with a knife .
the person set the peeled segments onto the plate .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took out a knife , an orange , and a plate .
the person put the plate on the counter , .
the person peeled the orange over the sink with the knife , .
the person put the orange on the plate , .
the person separated the orange 's sections by hand .
the person washed his hands .
the person removed an orange from the cabinet .
the person peeled the orange with a knife .
the person split the orange into single slices .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a knife , plate and orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person sectioned the orange .
the person put the sections on the plate .
the person got an orange , a knife and a plate out of the kitchen cabinets .
the person peeled the orange over the sink with the knife .
the person split the peeled orange open over the plate with his hands .
the person went to the cabinet .
the person picked out an orange .
the person began to peel an orange .
the person began to separate the slices into a bowl .
of all this the person washed the knife under the sink .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , orange and plate .
the person peeled the orange .
the person pulled the segments apart .
the person peeled an orange with a knife .
the person pulled an orange apart into two halves .
the person took each half of the orange .
the person separated the segment .
the person took out an orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person separated the orange .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife .
the person peeled an orange .
the person cleaned up the orange peels .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two figs , cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the figs .
the person quartered the figs .
the person put the figs on a plate .
the person came to the kitchen to prepare two figs .
the person washed the figs .
the person cut the stemmed from the figs on a cutting board .
the person sliced each fig into quarters .
the person placed the figs on a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a fig .
the person cut the fig into pieces .
the person put the fig onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced figs on the cutting board .
the person placed the figs on the small white plate .
the person washed two figs in the sink .
the person sliced both figs into fourths .
the person put the eight fig pieces on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a fig from the refrigerator .
the person cut a figs into chunks using a knife .
the person was finished , he placed the chunks on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two figs out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person washed the figs .
the person sliced the figs .
the person put the figs on the plate .
the person took some figs out of the fridge .
the person washed some figs .
the person sliced some figs .
and arranged some figs on a plate .
the person threw away the stemmed of the figs .
the person took out two figs and a cutting board .
the person rinsed the figs under the faucet .
the person cut the figs .
the person arranged the figs on a plate .
the person came into a kitchen , .
the person removed two figs from the refrigerator .
the person placed two figs on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from drawers .
the person took a dish from the cabinet .
the person put a dish on the counter .
the person washed the figs , .
the person put the figs on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off .
the person cut the figs into pieces .
the person put the figs on the dish .
the person washed two figs in the sink .
the person chopped the figs into quarters .
the person placed the pieces on a saucer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two figs from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the figs into wedges .
the person placed the figs on a plate .
the person discarded the stemmed .
the person entered .
the person removed two figs from the refrigerator .
the rinsed the figs .
the person sliced the figs .
the person threw away the end tips .
the person got two figs from a fridge .
the person rinsed the figs in the sink .
the person cut the figs into small chunks .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some figs from the fridge .
the person put a knife , cutting board and small plate on the counter .
the person cut the figs into small wedges .
the person placed the figs on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person sliced the fruits into pieces .
the person arranged the fruit on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person retrieved a fig , cutting board , knife .
the person proceeded to cut the stem off , .
simply sliced a fig legnth wise .
before the video ended the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took fruit from the refrigerator .
the person washed the fruit .
the person cut the fruit .
the person put the fruit on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person washed two figs .
the person cut off the stemmed .
the person cut each fig vertically into four parts .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took two figs from freeze , a chopper board , a knife and a plate .
the person kept all the things on the platform .
the person cut the washed figs into four pieces each .
the person arranged the washed figs in the plate .
the person removed two kiwi from the fridge .
the person rinsed the kiwi , .
the person peeled the kiwi , .
the person cut the kiwi .
the person cleaned the kitchen area .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two kiwis out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , plate and knife .
the person washed the kiwis , .
the person peeled the kiwis .
the person cubed the kiwis .
the person put the kiwis on the plate .
the person cleaned the counter .
the person put everything away .
the person removed two kiwis from the fridge .
the person washed two kiwis .
the person peeled two kiwis .
the person diced two kiwis .
the person put two kiwis on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person acquired two kiwis , a knife , cutting board and plate .
the person peeled the kiwis .
the person diced the kiwis , .
the person put the kiwis on the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got some kiwi .
the person cleaned the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into pieces .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person took out two kiwis .
the person peeled both kiwis .
the person cut both kiwied into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces on a plate .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took two kiwi fruits from the freeze .
the person took a chopper board , plate , knife .
the washed the kiwi fruits , .
the person peeled kiwi fruits into pieces .
the person cut the kiwi fruits .
the person kept the kiwi fruits into the plate along with a fork .
the person cleaned the used things , platform and his hands .
the person grabbed kiwi fruit from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed two kiwis .
the person peeled both kiwi fruits with a knife .
the person cut both kiwi fruits in little pieces .
the person put both kiwi fruits on a plate .
the person took two kiwis out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the kiwis .
the person sliced the kiwis with a knife .
the person put the kiwi slices on a plate .
the person cleaned up his self .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled a kiwi fruit .
the person sliced a kiwi fruit .
the person placed the kiwi onto a white plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two kiwi fruit from the fridge .
the person peeled the kiwi fruit .
the person cut the kiwi fruit into pieces .
the person placed the kiwi fruit on a plate .
the person threw out the skin .
the person put a fork on the plate .
the person put the plate on the counter .
the person took out two kiwis and a cutting board .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi .
the person arranged the kiwi on a plate .
the person washed two kiwi fruits .
the person peeled two kiwi fruits .
the person cut each kiwi in half .
the person further diced each half into four to six pieces .
the person did this my making one vertical and one or two horizontal cut in each half .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took kiwi fruit packet .
again took two kiwi fruits .
the person removed skin of kiwi fruits .
the person made the kiwi fruits into pieces with knife .
the person cleaned knife and pad with water .
the person wiped platform with cloth .
also wiped his hands with another cloth .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two kiwi fruits .
the person washed the fruit .
the person peeled the skin of the fruit .
the person cut the fruits into pieces .
the person arranged the fruit in a plate .
the person peeled two kiwis .
the person cut the kiwis into chunks .
the person cleaned up the work space .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two kiwis from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a knife and a cutting board .
the person skinned the kiwis .
the person cut the kiwis into small pieces .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two kiwi fruits .
the person washed two kiwi fruits .
the person cut two kiwi fruits into pieces .
the person placed the pieces on a plate .
the person took two kiwi fruit from a container .
the person rinsed two kiwi fruit in the sink .
the person peeled two kiwi fruit with a small knife .
the person cut two kiwi fruit into quarters .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person wiped the counter top clean .
the person set two kiwis , a cutting board , and a knife on the counter .
the person washed the kiwis , .
the person peeled the kiwis .
the person chopped the kiwis one at a time .
the person moved the kiwis to a plate .
the person washed his utensils and the counter .
the person took out a bag of pasta .
the person cooked the pasta in a pot .
the person strained the pasta onto a plate .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person let the water boiled .
the person added several ingredients to the water as well as the pasta .
the person plated the cooked pasta .
the person put some pasta into the pot of water .
the person seasoned the pasta .
the person strained the water from the cooked pasta .
the person placed the cooked pasta onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person boiled some water .
the person added pasta , oil and seasoning .
the person let the pasta cook until the pasta was done .
the person drained the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person got out a pot .
put water in a pot .
the person added spices and pasta .
the person cooked the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out some pasta and olive oil .
the person cooked the pasta in a pot of water .
the person added oil and spices .
the person took out a colander .
the person drained the cooked pasta .
the person rinsed the cooked pasta .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the cooked pasta on the plate .
the person boiled some water .
the person cooked some pasta in the water .
the person drained the pasta .
the person plated the pasta .
the person added dry pasta to a pot of boiling water and olive oil .
the person added salt , pepper and spices to taste .
the pasta cooked , the person tasted the water in the pot .
the person tasted the pasta .
the person added salt , pepper and spices to taste .
the person tested the softness of the pasta .
the person poured the cooked pasta through a colander , .
the person rinsed the pasta , .
the person transferred the pasta to a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took pasta from the cabinet .
the person put water in a pot with salt and other spices .
the person brought the water to a boil .
the person added the pasta .
the person cooked the pasta .
the person drained in a colander .
the person poured the pasta onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cooked pasta using a pot of water .
the person placed the pasta onto a plate .
the person removed the ingredients and utensils .
the person placed the ingredients and utensils where he could reach the ingredients and utensils easily .
the person mixed his ingredients together .
seasoned to taste .
the person was n't satisfied with how the ingredients tasted originally .
the person added more seasonings .
the person placed the ingredients on a plate to serve .
the person filled a pot with water to cook pasta .
the person added olive oil , pasta and two seasonings to the pot .
the person stirred the pasta as the pasta cooked .
the person tasted the pasta .
the person added more seasoning .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put on serving plate .
the person used what appeared to be oil , salt and pepper .
the person cooked a pot of pasta .
the person heated some water in a pot .
the person added pasta to the hot water .
the person cooked the pasta .
the person seasoned the pasta the pasta cooked .
the person strained the water from the pasta .
the person placed the cooked pasta on to a plate .
the person put the pot of water on the stove top .
the person added the pasta to the pot .
the person drained the pasta .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person used a cutting board , knife , pot and stove to make his food .
the meal was done cooking .
the person grabbed a bag of pasta and oil from the pantry .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person poured the pasta into the pot .
the person stirred the pot .
the person obtained a strainer from the cabinet .
the person rinsed off the pasta .
the person poured the pasta on the plate .
the person got a pot from a drawer .
the person put pasta in the water .
the person drained off the cooked pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person prepared to make pasta .
the person boiled water , added oil , added spices , and pasta to the pot .
the person drained the pasta in a colander .
the person served the pasta on a plate .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person brought the water to a boil .
the person added dried pasta to the boiling water .
the person waited the pasta boiled for approximately eleven minutes .
the person strained the water from the pasta .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed the pepper out the fridge .
the person sliced the insides of the pepper .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a pepper , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person removed the top from the pepper .
the person cut out the pit and seeds .
the person threw the pit and seeds away .
the person grabbed a bell pepper from the fridge .
the person washed the bell pepper thoroughly .
the person sliced the bell pepper into two halves .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired a red pepper , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the pepper , .
the person cut off the stem , .
the person removed the membrane from the inside .
the person took a red bell pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a red bell pepper in the sink .
the person sliced off the top of a red bell pepper .
the person cut out the core and seeds .
the person threw the core and seeds in the trash .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out a pepper .
the person spent a deciding what utensils to use .
the person decided on a square board and pairing knife .
the person removed the seeds from the pepper .
the person threw the seeds in the trash .
the person took out a red pepper from the refrigerator .
the person sliced a red pepper open near the top .
the person cut around all the seeds .
the person removed the seeds .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person rinsed a red pepper in the sink .
the person placed a red pepper on a cutting board .
the person cut the top from a red pepper with a knife .
the person removed the seeds from both the top and bottom piece of pepper .
the person threw away the seeds .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a red pepper from the fridge .
the person sliced the top off of the pepper .
the person set the top off of the pepper aside .
the person scraped the seeds out of the inside of the pepper .
the person discarded the seeds .
the person washed a pepper .
the person cut the top off a pepper that he had taken from a fridge .
the person removed the center and seeds .
the person carefully collected all the waste .
the person grabbed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person cut off the top of the pepper .
the person cut the inside white ribs of the pepper .
the person threw the ribs of the pepper in the trash .
the person took a red pepper out of the fridge .
the person washed the pepper .
the person used a knife to cut open the pepper .
the person gutted out the seeds .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person sliced open the pepper , .
the person removed the seeds .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a pepper out of the fridge .
the person placed the pepper on a cutting board .
the person cut off the top .
the person carved the seeds out of the pepper .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took capsicum from fridge .
the person removed the seeds of capsicum .
the person disposed the waste into the dustbin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pepper from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person used a cutting board and knife to cut the pepper in half .
the person used the knife to cut out the seeds and membranes from the pepper .
the person took a pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the top off the pepper .
the person cut the core of the pepper out .
the person threw away the seeds and core pieces .
the person took out a pepper and cutting board .
the person cut off the top of the pepper .
the person removed all the seeds .
the person rinsed a pepper in the sink .
the person cut the top of the pepper off .
the person removed the core of the pepper .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a pepper .
the person cut the top off .
the person cut the pepper .
the person cleaned the seeds from the pepper .
the person threw the seeds away .
the person placed the herbs in the strainer .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person diced the herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person rinsed the herbs using the sink .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put pieces of herbs in a colander in the sink .
the person rinsed the pieces of herbs off .
the person put the pieces of herbs on a dish cloth to dry .
the person put the pieces of herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the pieces of herbs into small pieces .
the person placed cooking tools on the counter .
the person cleaned the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs on a cutting board .
the person got herbs from a fridge .
the person picked the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person took a bunch of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person picked the leaves off the stem .
the person rinsed the leaves , .
the person drained the leaves , .
the person dried the leaves .
the person finely chopped the herb leaved .
the person removed the stemmed from the fresh herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person drained the water from the herbs .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person picked some herb leaved from the stemmed .
the person washed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a colander , cutting board and knife .
the person took herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the herbs in the colander .
the person dried the herbs .
the person put the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person rinsed the colander .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took herbs from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs in a colander .
the person dried the herbs on a towel .
the person chopped the herbs on a cutting board .
the person rinsed his hands in the sink .
the person picked up the colander .
the person grabbed a knife , cutting board , and strainer .
the person placed a knife , cutting board , and strainer on the counter .
the person pulled the leaves off the stemmed .
the person strained the leaves .
the person dried the leaves .
the person chopped the leaves into small pieces .
the tossed his trash in the garbage .
the person washed some herbs .
the person picked the herbs apart .
the person diced the herbs .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person took a bunch of herbs .
the person pulled the leaves from the stemmed .
the person rinsed the herb leaved .
the person dried the herb leaved in a towel .
the person chopped the herbs finely .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person obtained some herbs , .
the person washed the herbs , .
the person cut the herbs .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands off .
the person took some herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person pulled the stemmed off .
the person rinsed the herbs in a strainer .
the person placed the herbs on a towel to dry .
the person diced the herbs into small pieces on a cutting board .
the person pulled some herb leafed from their stemmed .
the person rinsed the leafs in a strainer .
the person dried the herb leafs .
the person chopped the herb leafed with a knife on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs , knife , cutting board and colander .
the person rinsed the herbs in the colander .
the person patted the herbs dry with a towel .
the person used the knife and chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person pulled some herbs from their stem .
the person rinsed off the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs on a cutting board with a knife .
the person got a strainer , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person got the herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person took some leaved off the herbs .
the person washed the leaves .
the person dried the leaves , .
the person put the leaves on a cutting board , .
the person chopped the leaves .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took some herbs from the fridge .
the person pulled the leaves off of the stemmed of the herbs .
the person placed the leaves in a colander .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person strained the herbs in the colander , .
the person placed the herbs on a towel on the counter .
the person retrieved a pineapple with the apparent intent to slice it .
the person grabbed some kitchen utensils and bowled .
the person carved all the inedible exterior .
the person discarded all the inedible exterior , .
neatly removed any leftover remnants with a carving knife .
the person proceeded to slice the pineapple in lengthwise on the side as to obtain large circular shapes .
the person was finished he discarded the trash .
the person proceeded to wash his plastic bowl .
the person sliced the top off of a pineapple .
the person removed the rind from the fruit .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person disposed of the top and rind .
the person used a large knife to remove the top and bottom from a pineapple .
the person used a smaller knife to slice off the outside of the pineapple .
the person carefully removed all the remaining pieces of skin that had not yet been removed .
the person sliced the remaining pineapple into thin slices .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a pineapple , knives , cutting board and bowled .
the person cut off the top and bottom of the pineapple .
the person trimmed off the rind .
the person sliced the pineapple into thin slices .
the person washed the knives and bowled .
the person discarded the scraps .
the person took out a pineapple , two knives , cutting board and two bowled .
the person collected trash in one bowl .
the person skinned the pineapple .
the person cleaned the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person put the slices of the pineapple into another bowl .
the person washed knives and bowl .
the person threw off trash .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person took two knives and a cutting board from the drawers .
the person trimmed the pineapple .
the person put the trimmings into a food container .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person placed the slices of the pineapple in a bowl .
the person discarded the trimmings and peelings into the garbage bin .
the person rinsed the container .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pineapple out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person cleaned the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple into round slices .
the person placed the slices of the pineapple in a metal bowl .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person set out a cutting board , two knives , and two bowled .
the person cut the top , bottom , and sides off a pineapple .
the person cut a pineapple into slices .
the person put the sliced pineapple in a bowl .
the person threw away the pineapple trash .
the person took out a pineapple and cutting board .
the person cleaned the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person moved the sliced pineapple into a bowl .
the person peeled a pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person cleaned up the mess .
the person took a pineapple from the pantry .
the person cut off the top part , .
the person trimmed away all the outer flesh .
the person sliced the pineapple into discs .
the person put the pineapple discs in a bowl .
the person also sliced off all the edible parts from the top of the pineapple .
the person rinsed off his knives .
the person threw away the unwanted parts of pineapple in the trash .
the person got out a pineapple , knives , and bowled .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person placed the pineapple in the bowl .
the person trimmed the pineapple into edible and inedible portions .
the person threw away the inedible portions .
the person saved the edible portions in a metal bowl .
the person cleaned his utensils .
the person fetched a pineapple from the pantry , .
the person cut off the top and the rind .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person was finished he washed his knives .
the person threw away the rind .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a pineapple .
the person removed the crown and skin .
the person discarded the crown and skin .
the person cut the pineapple in to slices .
the person placed the slices of the pineapple in a bowl .
the person grabbed a pineapple .
the person cut off the rind .
the person cut up the rest of the pineapple .
the person washed off his knife .
the person threw away the rind .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pineapple out of the cupboard .
the person used two different knives to peel the pineapple .
the person sliced the fruit into thin rounds .
the person threw away the peel .
the person took out a pineapple and knives .
the person very carefully cut the rind away from the pineapple .
the person had finished removing the rind , .
the person cut the pineapple into round slices .
the person got a pineapple , a two knives , and a cutting board .
the person cut the skin off the pineapple with the knives .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person took out a pineapple .
the person first sliced the skin off .
the person sliced the pineapple into pieces .
the person placed the pieces of the pineapple into a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a bowl , knife , cutting board and broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into small chunks .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person added salt and the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli onto a plate .
the person added pepper .
the person cut small florets from a main stem of broccoli .
the person put the broccoli to boil in a saucepan .
the person tested the broccoli several times to see if it was done .
the person arranged the broccoli on a plate .
seasoned the broccoli .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got broccoli from the fridge .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person added the broccoli .
the person boiled the broccoli until ready .
the person drained the water .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person took out a head of broccoli .
the person removed the clumps of blossoms from the stalk .
the person put the broccoli in a pot of water to cook .
the person plated the broccoli .
the person sprinkled the broccoli with a seasoning .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person cut the broccoli up , .
the person placed the broccoli in a bowl .
the person poured water in the bowl , .
the person turned the stove on , .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate .
the person got broccoli from a fridge .
the person cut the florets off the stem .
the person cooked the broccoli a pot on the stove .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person prepared some broccoli .
first the person cut the broccoli .
the person cleaned the broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli by boiling .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person put the broccoli in a pot .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person chopped broccoli into pieces .
the person put the broccoli into a pot .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli onto a plate .
seasoned the broccoli .
the person sliced broccoli into little pieces .
the person placed the broccoli into a pot of water .
the person placed the steamed broccoli onto the white plate .
the person cleaned broccoli , .
the person placed the broccoli in a pot .
the person brought the broccoli to a boil .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate .
seasoned to taste .
the person grabbed broccoli from a refrigerator .
the person cut the florets off the stem .
the person cooked the broccoli in a pot full of water and salt .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person came .
the person made broccoli into pieces .
the person boiled the broccoli in a vessel with salt .
the person cleaned things platform , pad , knife , and bowl .
the person shifted boiled broccoli into a plate .
the person purred some pepper on the boiled broccoli .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , bowl , knife and broccoli .
the person cut up the broccoli .
the person put the broccoli in a pot full of water .
the person added spices to the pot .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person put the cooked broccoli on a plate .
the person added more spices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person cut up a head of broccoli .
the person put the pieces into a pot .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the broccoli were done the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person gathered a few cooking supplies .
the person cleaned the broccoli .
the person cut a vegetable , broccoli , .
the person boiled the broccoli for a few minutes .
the person tidied his working area , .
the person served the finished broccoli on a plate .
the person sliced a piece of raw broccoli .
the person broiled the sliced broccoli .
the person served the cooked broccoli on a plate .
seasoned the broccoli .
the person cut up some broccoli in a kitchen .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person added salt and another condiment to the broccoli .
the person poured the broccoli onto a plate .
the person entered into kitchen .
the person took broccoli from fridge .
the person cut the broccoli into florets , .
the person put the broccoli in bowl .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person took a vessel .
the person filled the vessel with water .
the person kept vessel on stove .
the person put florets in vessel .
the person put salt in the vessel .
the person let the broccoli cooked .
the person shifted the broccoli from vessel to plate .
the person sprinkled pepper on the broccoli .
the person went into the kitchen to prepare a meal .
the person boiled the sliced the broccoli and some seasoning in water .
the person drained the water .
the person prepared the broccoli for himself on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person took out a cutting board .
the person chopped the carrots .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two carrots from the fridge .
the person also got a cutting board , knife and peeler from under the counter .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person chopped the carrots on the cutting board .
the person began by peeling the outer layer , .
the person finished the peeling task he diced the carrots on a cutting board ; .
the person discarded all of the waste .
the person peeled two carrots .
the person cut the tops off each carrot .
the person put both carrots to each other on a cutting board .
the person sliced both carrots at the same time with a large knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and a white plate .
the person took two carrots .
the person peeled two carrots .
the person washed two carrots .
the person sliced two carrots .
the person opened up the fridge .
the person took out two carrots .
the person gathered up the utensils that he needed , .
the person chopped up both carrots .
the person was done , he cleaned up herself .
the person took two carrots from the fridge .
the person peeled two carrots .
the person removed the carrots tops .
the person chopped the carrots into small circles .
the person rinsed his peeler .
the person peeled the carrots , .
the person rinsed the carrots , .
the person placed the carrots onto a cutting board .
the person cut off the ends , .
the person sliced the carrot into small pieces , .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person peeled two carrots in the sink .
the person washed the carrots .
the person sliced the carrots into small pieces .
the person took some carrots from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person rinsed the carrots over the sink .
the person rinsed the carrots .
the person diced the carrots into pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person washed the carrots .
the person cut the carrots on a cutting board .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person selected carrots from a refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrots into the sink .
the person briefly washed his hands .
the person cut the carrots up using a knife and cutting board .
the person discarded the peelings and undesirable parts of the carrots .
the person picked out two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person peeled each carrot .
the person chopped both of the carrots into small pieces .
the person cleaned up .
the person got two carrots from a fridge .
the person peeled the carrots with a vegetable peeler .
the person chopped the carrots .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person took out two carrots .
the person peeled both carrots .
ten , the person diced both carrots .
the person located the potato peeler .
third , was the cutting board which the person looked in the cabinet first and the drawer where he found the potato peeler .
the person also washed his hands did not dry them .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person selected two carrots from the fridge .
the person peeled the carrots in the sink .
the person cut the carrots into slices on a cutting board .
the person discarded the carrot tops .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person threw the peels away .
the person cut the carrots into sliced .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two carrots , a peeler , knife and cutting board .
the person peeled the carrots in the sink .
the person washed the carrots .
the person cut the tops and bottoms off of the carrots , .
the person cut the carrots into small pieces .
the person took two carrots .
the person peeled the skin off .
the person washed two carrots .
the person cut two carrots into discs .
the person put a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person took out a mango .
the person proceeded to wash the mango .
the person sliced the mango on the cutting board .
the person took out the proper utensils to peel and slice a mango .
the person washed the mango and a plate to put the mango onto the plate .
the person peeled the mango .
the person placed the pieces on the plate .
the person walked iinto the kitchen .
the person grabbed a knife , cutting board , mango , peeler , and a plate .
the person peeled the mango .
the person removed the flesh the mango from the core .
the person chopped the flesh .
the person set the mango slices on the plate .
the person took a mango from the refrigerator .
the person washed a mango .
the person cut the mango into small pieces with a knife on a cutting board .
the person placed all the small pieces of mango on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board , peeler and knife from the drawer .
the person brought an mango from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed an mango in the sink .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the fruit the mango away from the pit .
the person diced the fruit the mango .
the person put the diced into a serving bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
a placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person took a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person placed a mango on the counter .
the person took a dish out of the dish washer .
the person washed the plate .
the person peeled a mango .
the person sliced the mango on the cutting board .
the person than chopped the mango .
the person placed the mango on the clean plate .
the person took out a mango .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the mango .
the person put the cut mango on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , and a mango .
the person grabbed a peeler .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the mango .
the person placed the pieces on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the fridge .
the person chose a mango .
the person used a peeler to peel the mango .
the person cut the mango into chunks .
the person placed the mango on a plate .
the person got a knife , a cutting board , and a vegetable peeler .
the person got a mango from a fridge .
the person peeled the mango .
the person sliced the mango .
the person removed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the mango .
the person sliced the mango into pieces .
the person placed the pieces of mango into the bowl .
the person selected a mango .
the person cleaned a mango .
the person sliced the mango lengthwise into long wedges .
the person cut away from the mango core .
the person chopped each of the mango slices in smaller pieces .
the person put the mango sliced into a bowl .
the person in a kitchen placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person took a mango from the refrigerator .
the person had washed a mango , .
the person proceeded to peeling the mango , .
the person sliced the mango , .
the person chopped up the mango .
the person transferred the chopped up mango onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the avacado .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person chopped the slices into smaller pieces .
the person put the avacado pieces on a plate .
the person took a mango from the fridge .
the person washed a plate the plate he took from the dishwasher .
the person set the plate aside .
the person peeled the mango with a vegetable peeler , .
the person cut off the stem end of the mango .
the person trimmed all the flesh off from the mango , .
the person sliced the mango into small pieces .
the person moved all the pieces of mango onto the plate .
the person took a mango .
the person peeled a mango the skin .
the person cut wedges lengthwise and around the mango seed .
the person cut the wedges wedge into smaller pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a cutting board , knife , peeler , plate and a mango .
the person washed the plate and mango .
the person peeled the mango , .
the person cut the mango into wedges around the core .
the person cut each wedge of the mango into small chunks , .
the person placed the mango sliced into the bowl .
the person grabbed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the mango with a potato peeler .
the person cut the mango into small pieces .
the person put the mango slices on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and peeler from under the counter .
the person got a mango from the fridge .
the person peeled the mango .
the person chopped the mango .
the person put the mango slices on the plate .
the person took out a mango .
the person washed a mango .
the person peeled a mango .
the person cut off the end .
the person sliced the mango .
the person took each slice .
the person cut each slice into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs form the refrigerator .
the person cut the herbs very fine on a cutting board .
the person put the cut herbs on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out different herbs .
the person placed two plates on the counter .
the person seperated some herbs , .
the person chopped the rest .
the person took out some herbs .
the person took out some herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person diced up the herbs with a knife .
the person obtained two types of herbs .
the person removed the stemmed from two types of herbs both .
the person also cut the larger dark green leaved up into small pieces with a large knife on a cutting board .
the person placed all of the leaves without the stemmed into the same plate , .
the person placed the large knife onto the cutting board , .
the person grabbed a bag of herbs out the fridge .
the person pulled the leaves from the stemmed .
the person placed the leaves on the cutting board .
the person collected the stemmed .
the person discarded the stemmed into the trash .
the person chopped the leaves into small pieces .
the person emptied the small pieces onto the plate .
the person got herbs .
the person got herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person picked the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs on a cutting board .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person grabbed some herbs from the fridge .
the person cleaned the herbs .
the person picked the herbs apart .
the person diced the herbs on a cutting board .
the person plated the herbs .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator to gather some greens .
the person put some greens on the counter .
the person had what he needed of that green he put the bag away .
the person got another green from the refrigerator .
the person put another green away he was done .
the person got plates for the greens .
the person washed the greens off one at a time .
before grabbing a cutting board and knife .
the person picked the leaves off both greens , .
the person leaved one greens on a plate and the other greens on the cutting board .
the person chopped the greens on the board finely .
the person was done he put the greens on the plate with the other greens .
the person walked away .
the person rinsed the fresh herbs .
the person removed the leaves from one bunch of herbs .
the person removed the stemmed from the other bunch of herbs .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took some herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person washed both herbs in the sink .
the person ripped the leaves off one herb .
the person put the two herbs on a plate .
the person chopped the other herb .
the person took out bunches of two different kinds of herbs .
the person cleaned each bunch of herbs .
the person chopped each bunch of herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs on a plate .
the person washed some herbs .
the person trimmed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person gathered two different herbs .
the person cleaned the herbs .
the person prepared the herbs to be used .
the person took two different herbs from the fridge .
her also retrieved two plates .
the person got a cutting board & knife .
the person picked apart the herbs a little bit .
the person finely chopped the herbs on the cutting board , .
the person put the herbs back on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed both herbs on the white plates .
the person sliced herbs into little pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two kinds of herbs from the fridge .
the person rinsed two kinds of herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs in a bowl .
the person removed a bag and a pot of different herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed the leaves from the stemmed of both , .
the person put both herbs on a single plate .
the person chopped one finely with a knife .
the opened the refrigerator .
the person got some herbs .
the person put some herbs back .
the person got some other herbs .
the person also put some other herbs back .
the person got two large bowled .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person took some leaved off the herbs , .
the person put both herbs in a bowl .
the person chopped the other leaves , .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed the leaves .
the person chopped the leaves on a cutting board .
the person placed the leaves on a plate .
the person rinsed two types of herbs .
the person removed the leaves of one bunch of herbs .
the person placed the leaves on a plate .
the person diced the other bunch of herbs .
the person placed the other bunch of herbs on the same plate .
the person separated the garlic into individual cloves .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person minced the cloves with a mincer .
the person took out garlic and a garlic press .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person cut the garlic .
the person crushed the garlic in the press .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took a squeezer , plate , knife , bowl , garlic and a spoon .
the person used knife he peeled off garlic cloves .
the person used squeezer he squeezed garlic to get juice .
the person used spoon he removed mesh of garlic from squeezer .
the person chopped garlic .
the person pressed the garlic out onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a garlic press from the drawer .
the person got a head of garlic from the pantry .
the person took some cloves off the garlic head .
the person pressed the cloves off the garlic head through the garlic press .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a garlic press , two plates , knife , and garlic .
the person took two cloves of garlic , .
the person peeled two cloves of garlic , .
the person pressed two cloves of garlic with the garlic press .
the person wen into the kitchen .
the person took out a head of garlic and some plates .
the person got out a knife .
the person peeled several pieces of garlic .
the person put several pieces of garlic on a plate .
the person took each piece of garlic .
the person mashed each piece of garlic in a garlic masher .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a garlic press , knife , and two plates out .
the person retrieved a head of garlic and cleaned a few cloves .
the person pressed the cloves through the garlic press and onto the plate .
the person got a garlic press .
the person peeled the whole garlic .
the person pushed the whole garlic through the press onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a tool and garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person placed the garlic into the tool .
the person crushed the garlic .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got garlic out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person put the garlic onto a plate .
the person pressed the garlic .
the person got a nutcracker from a drawer , .
the person went to the cupboard to get a clove of garlic .
the person cut the garlic with a knife , .
the person crushed the bigger parts with the nutcracker .
the person got a spoon .
the person dusted off the residue from the nutcracker .
the person peeled garlic .
the person cut the garlic .
the person pressed the garlic .
the person took out some plates , a knife , a head of garlic , and a garlic press .
the person peeled the garlic onto one plate with the knife .
the person pressed the garlic through the press .
the person scooped out the pressed garlic onto the other plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took garlic bulb , garlic press slicer , two plates and knife .
the person removed the clove .
waste skin of garlic .
the person placed the clove in press slicer .
the person sliced the clove .
the person used the spoon to take out the sliced garlic from press slicer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out two plates , a knife , and garlic .
the person used the knife to peel the garlic .
the person used a cracking utensil to crack the garlic clove into smaller pieces .
the person kept the small pieces on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set out a garlic press .
the person took a plate and a garlic bulb from the cabinet .
the person placed a plate and a garlic blub on the counter .
the person separated three or four cloves from the bulb .
the person peeled three or four cloves .
the person trimmed three cloves .
the person placed the three cloves onto the serving plate .
the person pressed three cloves .
the person pushed the plate with the pressed garlic forward .
the person peeled the skin off three cloves of garlic .
the person put each clove separately into the garlic crusher .
crushed each clove .
the person gathered all the crushed garlic together on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a garlic press out of the drawer .
the person took out a head of garlic .
the person peeled a head of garlic .
the person pressed a head of garlic .
the person took out a spoon .
the person scraped clean the garlic press .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a toaster out of the drawer .
the person got two pieces of bread from a loaf .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person used tongs to removed the slices from the toaster .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person grabbed a toaster .
the person grabbed bread .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person picked up the finished toast with tongs .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person placed two slices of bread into the toaster .
the person removed the slices of bread using tongs .
the person placed the toast onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person got the toaster .
the person placed the toaster on the counter .
the person got out the bread , a plate , and a butter knife .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person got tongs to get the bread out of the toaster , .
the person unplugged the toaster , .
the person put the utensils back in the drawer .
the person washed the tongs .
the person plugged the toaster in to make toast .
person put the bread into the toaster .
the person removed the bread with the tongs .
the person got out bread , a plate and a toaster .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person used the toaster to toast the bread .
the person used tongs to place the toast on the plate .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person took a butter knife from a drawer , .
the person reached into the refrigerator , .
the person closed the door without taking anything out .
the person used a set of tongs to put the toast on a plate .
the person put a butter knife back away without using it .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person set up a toaster , two slices of bread , and a plate on the counter .
the person toasted the bread .
the person removed the toast with tongs .
the person placed the toast on the plate .
the person washed the tongs .
the person put the tongs away .
the person took a toaster out of the bottom drawer .
the person put a toaster on the cabinet .
the person took bread and a plate out of the back cabinet .
the person toasted the bread .
the person used tongs to put the toast on the plate .
the person placed a toaster , plate , and bread on the counter top .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person waited impatiently for the toast .
before getting his toast .
the person put items away .
the person took out a toaster .
the person put two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person removed the bread from the toaster with a pair of tongs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a toaster .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread and a plate .
the person put two pieces in the toasted .
the person took tongs .
the person removed the toast .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a toaster .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread and a plate .
the person put two pieces in the toaster .
the person grabbed tongs .
the person removed the toast .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got the ingredients out .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person turned on the toaster .
the person made a sandwich .
the person took bread from the pantry .
the person placed two slices of bread into the toaster .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person toasted two pieces of bread .
the person pulled out a toaster , a plate , and two slices of bread .
the person put the bread in the toaster , .
the person pulled out a knife and a pair of thongs .
the person used the thongs to pull the bread out of the toaster , .
the person washed the thongs .
the person put the tongs away .
a young person came into the kitchen .
the person got out a toaster and two slices of bread .
meanwhile the person retrieved a plate and a knife .
the person toasted the bread , .
the person had retrieved the tongs from a drawer , .
the person removed the toasted bread using tongs .
the person placed the toasted bread on a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person placed a toaster on the platform .
the person placed the bread slices in the toaster .
the person switched the toaster on .
completion , the person took out the bread slices with the forceps .
the person placed the bread slices on the plate .
the person cleaned the forceps in the sink .
the person placed the forceps in the drawer .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person removed a loaf of bread and toaster .
the person removed some bread from the loaf .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person placed the bread into the toaster .
the person removed the toast with tongs .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out the garlic from the cabinet .
the person sliced the garlic .
the person crushed the garlic into little pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person peeled the skin of garlic .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some garlic , a knife and a cutting board .
the person cut the ends off the garlic .
the person threw the ends of the garlic away .
the person put the garlic cloves into a garlic press .
the person pressed the garlic cloves .
the person took some garlic out of the pantry .
the person peeled the skin off of the garlic .
the person pressed the garlic with a tool .
the person took pieces of garlic from the refrigerator .
the person proceeded to peel the skin off of the pieces of garlic .
the person crushed the garlic with a different device until all the garlic or most of the garlic anyway , was mashed .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person retrieved garlic from a cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person used a cutting board and knife to remove the skins from the garlic .
the person threw the skins into the trash .
the person removed a garlic press from the same drawer .
the person used a garlic press to crush two cloves of garlic .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person took out a mincer from the drawer .
the person minced the garlic over the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person found some cloves of garlic in the cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person crushed the garlic .
the person came the into the kitchen .
the person brought a garlic on a cutting board .
the person crushed the garlic pieces using a utensil he had .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took some garlic from a cupboard .
the person cut off the edges of the garlic with the knife .
the person peeled off the skins .
the person squeezed the garlic through a garlic press .
the person scraped the garlic off with a knife .
the person got garlic cloves from a cabinet .
the person got a garlic press from a drawer .
the person pressed the garlic .
the person removed the skin from a garlic bulb .
the person squeezed the cloves through a garlic press .
the person peeled three cloves of garlic .
the person placed a clove of garlic into a garlic press .
the person squeezed the garlic press .
the person scraped off the pulp to save .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person peeled the skin of the garlic .
the person finely chopped the garlic .
the person placed garlic on a board .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person placed the excess in the trash .
the person minced the garlic with a garlic press .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person went to the pantry to retrieve some garlic cloves .
the person carried some garlic cloves to the counter , .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer , .
the person proceeded to peel each clove .
the person processed each peeled clove using a garlic press obtained from the same drawer .
the person scraped the minced garlic onto the cutting board .
the person got two garlic cloves .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person pressed the garlic .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got out some garlic and a cutting board .
the person prepared the garlic .
the person put the garlic in a press .
the person pressed the garlic out onto the board .
the person cut some garlic .
the person peeled some garlic .
the person discarded the peels .
the person pressed the garlic in a garlic press .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person set up a cutting board and some knives .
the person than took a pineapple out of the cabinet .
the person cut the tag and stem off .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person sliced the pineapple into smaller portions .
the person than peeled the slices .
the person put the pineapple on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , a knife , a plate , and a pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple up .
the person sliced the pineapple into pieces .
the person took the rind off .
the person put the finished pieces onto a plate .
the person ate a piece of pineapple .
the person removed the top and bottom of the pineapple , .
the person discarded the top and bottom of the pineapple .
second , the person cut the pineapple into two halves .
third , the person cut each half into manageable pieces .
the person removed the rinds .
the person placed the edible fruit on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person got a pineapple from the pantry .
the person cut the top and bottom of the pineapple off .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person removed the rind .
the person put the finished pieces of pineapple on a plate .
the person got a pineapple from a fridge .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person sliced the pineapple into half moon shapes .
the person cut the skin off the pineapple moons .
the person put the pineapple on a plate .
the person placed a cutting board on the table , .
the person removed a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person sliced the pineapple up .
the person placed the sliced pineapple on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple .
the person cut the bottom and crown off the pineapple .
the person threw the bottom and crown off the pineapple away .
the person cut the pineapple in half and into slices .
the person cut the pineapple skin off the slices .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a pineapple .
the person placed a pineapple on a cutting board .
the person cut a pineapple in half .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person removed the skin .
the person sliced the top and bottom off a pineapple .
the person cut a pineapple in half .
the person sliced each half .
the person peeled the rind off of each slice .
the person put the peeled and sliced fruit on a plate .
the person took out a pineapple and a cutting board .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person peeled the sliced pineapple .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a cutting board , knife , pineapple and plate .
the person cut off the top and bottom of the pineapple , .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut each half into slices , .
the person cut the skin off each piece .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person cut a pineapple .
the person peeled a pineapple .
the person plated a pineapple .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person prepared to cut a pineapple .
the person cut the ends off .
the person cut a pineapple down the middle .
the person carefully sliced a pineapple .
the person removed the hard outer peels .
the person set the finished pineapple slices on a plate .
as the person finished he ate a small piece of the pineapple .
the person took out a cutting board , knives , and a pineapple .
the person cut off the crown and end of the pineapple , .
the person split the pineapple down the middle .
the person proceeded to slice each half of the pineapple without peeling it .
the person peeled each individual slice onto a plate .
the person cut a pineapple in half .
the person took each half and cut approximately one centimeter thick slices .
the person took each of these semi-circular slices and cut the rind off .
the person placed all the peeled slices on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from the drawer .
the person brought a pineapple from the cupboard .
the person trimmed the pinepple .
the person sliced the pineapple into halves .
the person cut the halves into half roundslices .
the person peeled each slice .
the person placed the half round slices on a plate .
the person cut a pineapple in half .
the person sliced the pineapple into small pieces .
the person removed the skin from the pineapple .
the person placed the pieces on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed supplies from the drawers .
the person put all scraps into the trash .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person removed the skins .
the person put a piece of the pineapple into his mouth and chewed .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set out a cutting board .
the person took a pineapple from the cupboard .
the person placed a pineapple on the cutting board .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person cut the stalk and end from the pineapple .
the person discarded the trimmings .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person sliced the halves into half round slices .
the person peeled the slices .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person took a pineapple out of the pantry .
the person cut the pineapple into slices .
the person removed the rind .
the person put all the pineapple on a plate .
the person cut off the top and bottom from the pineapple , .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person sliced the pineapple , .
the person peeled the pineapple , .
the person placed the pineapple on a plate .
the person cut the top and bottom off of a pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half from top to bottom .
with the cut side down , the person sliced each pineapple half .
the person peeled each slice with a small knife .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person took out two eggs and a skillet .
the person cooked the eggs .
the person put cheese on the cooked egg .
the person folded the egg into an omelet .
the person whisked up two eggs with seasoning .
the person cooked the eggs in a frying pan wtih butter .
the person added something , probably cheese to make a filled omelette .
the person turned the omelette a couple of times , .
the person served the omelette onto a plate .
the person prepared an egg mixture in a bowl .
the person heated a frying pan with butter .
the person put the omelet on a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person added cheese to the omelet .
the person put the omelet on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some eggs .
the person whisked the eggs .
the person cooked the eggs with cheese to make an omelette .
the person put the omelette on a plate .
the person cleaned the area .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained two eggs , a bowl , whisk and pan .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person whisked the eggs , .
the person put the eggs in a pan with some butter .
the person added some onions .
the person folded the omelette .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person beat the eggs in a bowl with a whisk .
the person poured the eggs into a hot skillet with butter .
the person added cheese .
the person flipped the egg over the cheese .
the person put the omelette on a plate .
the person cracked a couple eggs .
seasoned those eggs .
the person whisked the eggs .
the person cooked the eggs in a skill .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed two eggs out the fridge .
the person scrambled the eggs using a whisk .
the person whisked two eggs in a bowl .
the person poured the whisked eggs into the pan .
the person added cheese to the eggs .
the person made the eggs into an omelette .
the person put the omelette on a plate .
the person cracked open the eggs , .
the person whipped the eggs .
the person placed the whipped eggs into a skillet , .
the person cooked the eggs .
the person placed the cooked eggs onto a plate .
the person got some eggs .
the person added two spices .
the person whisked the eggs in a bowl .
the person fried the egg mixture with some butter .
the person added cheese .
the person wrapped up the omelette .
the person served the omelette .
the person got two eggs from a refrigerator .
the person got two eggs from a refrigerator .
the person poured the eggs into a buttered pan .
the person put a saucer 's content onto the eggs as stuffing .
the pastry was done , the person removed the pastry to a plate .
the person put two eggs and some spices in a bowl .
the person whisked the eggs and spices .
the person melted butter in a hot frying pan .
the person poured the egg mixture in .
the person flipped the egg mixture .
the person poured some cheese onto the eggs .
the person folded the egg over the cheese .
the person cracked two eggs .
the person whisked the eggs into a bowl .
the person added the eggs to a frying pan .
the person cooked the eggs .
the person added another ingredient .
the person folded the eggs over into an omelette .
seasoned two eggs in a bowl .
the person beat two eggs .
the person cooked the eggs in the fashion of an omelette .
the person fried the eggs in a butter pan .
the person added cheese to the omelette .
the person placed the omelette on a plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out two eggs .
the person scrambled the eggs in a bowl .
the person took out a pot .
the person melted some butter .
the person added the egg , .
fried both sides , .
the person added cheese .
the person folded the egg over into an omelet .
the person put the omelet on a plate .
the chef took out a couple of eggs .
the person mixed the eggs .
the person put the eggs in a hot buttered skillet .
the person added another ingredient .
the person folded the eggs into an omelet .
the person served the omelet on a clean plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person whisked two eggs .
the person put a skillet on the stove .
the person added butter .
the person added the eggs to the skillet .
the person added cheese .
the person folded the eggs onto itself .
the person put the egg on a plate .
the person got a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person got out some tools and a cutting board .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person trimmed the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot into pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot into little pieces .
the person placed the carrot pieces into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person peeled up the carrot , .
the person rinsed off the carrot .
the person sliced up the carrot .
the person displayed how to properly dice that carrot .
the person washed a carrot .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person chopped a carrot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot .
the person sliced a carrot into small pieces .
the person placed the carrots into a bowl .
the person peeled a carrot with a knife .
the person sliced the carrot in half lengthwise .
the person cut the carrot halved into cubes .
the person entered the kichen .
the person brought a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person scraped the carrot with a knife .
the person diced the carrot on a cutting board .
the person put the diced into a bowl .
the person used tools in the kitchen such as a cutting board , knife and bowled .
the person cleaned the carrot , he chopped the carrot into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some carrots from the fridge and a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person put the carrot in a bowl .
the person took out a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a carrot .
the person washed the carrot off .
the person placed the carrot on the cutting board .
the person shaved the carrot .
the person cut the carrot in half .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a carrot from a fridge .
the person scrapped the skin off of the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot in two .
the person diced the carrot on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and two bowled .
the person washed the carrot .
the person scraped the carrot clean .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person put the cut carrots into the second bowl .
the person got out a carrot , a knife , a cutting board and two bowled .
the person washed the carrot , .
the person scraped the carrot with a knife .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person put the small pieces in a bowl .
the person grabbed a carrot .
the person placed a carrot on a counter .
the person chopped the carrot he peeled the carrot .
the person placed the prepared carrot in a bowl .
the person took out a carrot .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the carrot .
the person put the pieces of carrot into a bowl .
the person got a carrot from a fridge .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person diced the carrot .
the person put the carrot in the bowl .
the person retrieved a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person placed a knife , vegetable peeler , bowl and cutting board on the counter .
the person chopped a carrot on the cutting board .
the person cut some herbs off of a potted plant with a knife .
the person used another knife to dice his herbs on a cutting board .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person grabbed a knife , herbs and a cutting board .
the person placed everything on the counter .
the person sliced the herbs .
and put the herbs on a plate .
the person cut some herbs from a plant .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person placed the herbs in a bowl .
the person cut herb leafs from an herb plant .
the person rinsed the leafs .
the person chopped the leafs .
the person placed the chopped herb into a bowl .
the person got some herbs and a knife out of a drawer .
the person also got a wooden plate .
the person got a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person cut off some the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person got a another knife , .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs in the small bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs , a knife and a cutting board .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person sliced the herbs thinly on the cutting board .
the person put the sliced herbs in a bowl .
the person pulled an herb out of the cupboard .
the person cut pieces off of the herb .
the person washed the pieces of herb , .
the person cut into smaller pieces .
the person put the small pieces on a small plate .
the person cut pieces off a fresh herb plant .
the person than chopped the pieces up .
the person placed the herb in a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person placed the herbs in the small bowl .
the person removed a few herbs from the plant .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person diced the herbs .
the person gathered some herbs .
the person washed the herbs in the sink .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed the herbs .
the person cut the herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the plate .
the person cut some herbs form a plant in the kitchen .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person chopped the herbs finely on a board .
the person put the herb pieces in a bowl .
the person cut some leaves from a potted plant .
the person washed the leaves .
the person chopped the leaves on a cutting board .
the person placed the chopped leaves in a dish .
the person located the materials needed to cut herbs from the cabinets .
the person washed the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on a cutting board .
the person competed cutting the herbs , .
the person selected a small amount of herbs from the bunch .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person put the herbs onto the cutting board .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person took out herbs and a cutting board .
the person cut the herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person put the cut herbs into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person moved a plant to the front counter .
the person took a knife .
the person cut some herbs from the plant .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs in a small bowl .
the person got herbs from a counter .
the person trimmed off of the plant .
the person chopped the herbs on a cutting board .
the person gathered herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs off .
the person sliced the herbs on a cutting board .
the person placed the herbs on a plate .
the person peeled a pomegranate using a knife and cutting board .
the person separated the rind and seeds using his fingers .
the person placed the seeds in a bowl .
the person garnished the seeds .
the person clean the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person took a pomegranate .
the person cut a pomegranate open .
the person emptied the seeds into a bowl .
the person seasoned the seeds .
the person picked a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person washed a pomegranate .
on a cutting board , the person cut the fruit open .
the person removed the the seeds by hand into a large bowl .
the person seasoned the seeds , .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knife .
the person threw out the peels .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person got a bowl from the cabinet .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person took the seeds out of each half .
the person put the seeds in the bowl .
seasoned the seeds .
the person selected a pomegranate and instruments with which to prepare it .
the person sliced the fruit .
the person removed the seeds .
the person put the seeds in a mixing bowl along with several spices .
the person cleaned his knife and cutting board .
the person put his knife and cutting board away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate open .
the person removed the fruit .
the person added some spices to the fruit .
the person cleaned up .
the person took a pomegranate out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the pomegranate .
the person peeled the pomegranate .
the person poured several different kinds of spices on the pomegranate flesh .
the person stirred several different kinds of spices up .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person took a pomegranate out from the fridge .
the person sliced a pomegranate .
the person took the innards out into a bowl .
the person came .
the person took pomegranate , knife , and pad .
the person separated pomegranate nuts into a bowl .
the person mixed the pomegranate nuts with three types of powder with a spoon .
the person cleaned the pad and knife with a cloth .
the person took pomegranate from refrigerator .
the person rinsed the pomegranate in water .
the person cut the top and bottom of the pomegranate .
the person removed each aril .
the person placed each aril into bowl .
the person removed white fiber .
the person added salt , pepper .
the person stirred the salt , pepper .
the person rinsed a pomegranate .
the person sliced a pomegranate in half .
the person removed the fruit from inside each half .
the person seasoned the pomegranate .
the person cleaned the chopping board .
the person dried the chopping board .
the person skinned a pomegranate .
the person added flavor to the pomegranate .
the person washed his cooking materials .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person cut a pomegranate in half .
the person seeded a pomegranate over a bowl by hand .
the person added spices to the bowl of seeds .
the person stirred the bowl of seeds with a spoon .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board in the sink .
the person got a pomegranate from a fridge .
the person picked the seeds out of the pomegranate .
the person seasoned the seeds with spices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person cut the pomegranate .
the person extracted the seeds into a bowl of water .
the person mixed the seeds with some ingredients from a couple of small bottles .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person ripped off pomegranate arils into a silver bowl .
the person poured extra ingredients into the silver bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person assembled the utensils he needed .
the person washed the pomegranate , .
the person seeded the pomegranate .
seasoned the pomegranate .
the person cleaned his utensils .
the person put his utensils away .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a pomegranate , cutting board , knife and bowl .
the person cut the pomegranate .
the person pressed the seeds out into the bowl .
the person added some spices and sugar to the bowl .
the person mixed some spices and sugar .
the person sliced a pomegranate in half .
the person removed the seeds from both halves .
the person put the seeds into a bowl .
the person added three spices to the seeds .
the person mixed the seeds with a spoon .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a cutting board , knife and bowl .
the person cut the pomegranate in half .
the person scraped all the seeds into the bowl .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person chopped the cucumber on a cutting board .
the person rinsed the board and the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person rinsed the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person put the pieces of cucumber on a plate .
the person got a cucumber out of the fridge .
the person cut up the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on a plate .
the person took out a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person cut the cucumber into many slices .
the person grabbed the slices .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person rinsed a cucumber in the sink .
the person cut both ended from a cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into thin slices .
the person discarded the ends .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a cucumber , knife and cutting board .
the person cut the cucumber in half .
the person sliced the cucumber thinly .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person in a kitchen took out a cucumber out of the refrigerator , a cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed all of a cucumber , a cutting board and knife .
the person placed the cucumber on the board .
the person cut the cucumber into slices .
the person placed the slices in a dish .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person put the cucumber pieces on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person cut the cucumber lengthwise on the cutting board .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
left .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cucumber .
the person bisected the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into half moon pieces .
the person placed half moon pieces of the cucumber on a plate .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person chopped a cucumber into pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person took out a cucumber and cutting board .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into fine slices .
the person took a cucumber from the fridge .
the person put a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person rinsed everything .
before thinly slicing the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber on a plate .
the person finished by tidying up .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the cooler .
the person cut a cucumber in half .
the person sliced each half .
the person moved each half to a plate .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person took a zucchini out of the fridge , .
the person took out a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person rinsed off the utensils and zucchini , .
the person cut the zucchini into half moons .
the person got a plate from the pantry .
the person put the zucchini on a plate .
the person rinsed off the cutting board and knife .
the person took cucumber , cutter board and knife from the refrigerator and kitchen drawer .
the person washed the cucumber , cutter board and knife .
the person chopped the cucumber into small pieces .
the person gathered a cucumber , knife and cutting board .
the person rinsed a cucumber , knife and cutting board all in the sink .
the person removed the ends of the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise in half .
the person sliced each half of the cucumber into sections , .
the person placed the cucumber sections on a plate .
the person prepared a cucumber for slicing by cutting off the ends using a chopping board and knife .
the person halved a cucumber , .
the person cut a cucumber into pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person cleaned up the utensils used .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber , knife and cutting board .
the person washed everything .
the person cut the cucumber into slices .
the person put the cucumber on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person got a cucumber from a fridge .
the person sliced the cucumber on a cutting board .
the person put the cucumber on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board and knife out .
the person got a piece of produce from the cabinet .
the person rinsed a piece of produce .
the person quartered the produce .
the person arranged the pieces on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , and fig from the refrigerator .
the person washed the fig , .
the person quartered the fig with the knife .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person took a fig from the refrigerator .
the person washed a fig .
the person cut the fig into four pieces .
the person threw away the ends .
the person placed the cut pieces on a plate .
the person cleaned the little fig bits off the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a fig out of the refrigerator .
the person cut off the ends .
the person sliced the fig .
the person threw out the end pieces .
the person arranged the slices on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a cutting board .
the person retrieved a fig from the refrigerator , .
the person washed a fig .
the person placed a fig on the cutting board .
the person retrieved a knife .
the person cut the fig into fourths .
the person got a plate .
the person placed the fig onto a plate .
the cook got a cutting board out .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the got out a veggie .
the proceeded to cut the veggie up .
the person sectioned the veggie , .
evenly placed four pieces of the veggie on a plate .
the person got a cutting board , a knife , a plate , and a fig .
the person cut the fig into four .
the person put the fig on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person got out a piece of fruit from the refrigerator , .
the person prepared a piece of fruit .
the person placed the prepared fruit onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
first got out a cutting board .
the person took a piece of fruit from the fridge , .
the person smelled a piece of fruit , .
the person washed a piece of fruit in the sink .
the person grabbed a knife from the drawer , .
the person cut the fruit into quarters .
the person took a small white plate .
carefully placed the pieces of fruit on the plate .
the person got some fruit out of a refrigerator .
the person cleaned the fruit .
the person chopped the fruit .
the person put the fruit on a plate .
the person took a fig out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a fig .
the person cut the fig into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person took a small vegetable from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the vegetable into four pieces .
the person placed the four pieces onto a place .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , fig and knife .
the person washed the fig .
the person cut the fig into quarters .
the person got a plate .
the person put the fig pieces onto the plate .
the person grabbed a cutting board and piece of fruit .
the person washed a piece of fruit .
the person cut a piece of fruit .
the person placed the cut pieces on a plate .
the person got a fig .
the person washed the fig .
the person sliced the fig .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person washed a piece of fruit .
the person cut a piece of fruit into fourths .
the person placed the fruit on a small plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a fig .
the person cut the fig into four pieces .
the person placed the pieces of fig onto the plate .
the person created a tasty fruit treat by washing a fresh fig found in the refrigerator , .
the person quartered a fresh fig lengthwise , .
the person arranged the pieces in a clover pattern on a small clean plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a fig from the refrigerator .
the person used a knife and cutting board to trim the fig .
quarter the fig .
the person arranged the fig slices on a small plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board .
the person got a fig out of a refrigerator .
the person washed the fig in the sink .
the person cut the fig .
the person arranged the pieces on a plate .
the person gathered a leek .
the person cut the leaf in half .
the person rinsed both halves .
the person sliced both halves .
the person placed the sliced leek into a metal bowl .
the person cut off the end of a leek .
the person cut the leak in half .
the person sliced each half length wise from top to bottom .
the person rinsed each half by running water between each of the layers .
the person sliced the leek into thin slices .
the person put the leek in a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two knives , a cutting board , two bowled and a leek .
the person cut the leek in half , .
the person washed each half .
diced each half thinly .
the person put the pieces into a bowl .
the person washed the leek in the sink .
the person sliced the leek into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces in a large bowl .
the person cut a leek .
the person rinsed the leek in the sink .
the person sliced the leek .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a leek , two bowled , two knives , and a cutting board .
the person rinsed the leek .
the person sliced the leek thinly .
the person cleaned up he was done .
the person threw away his trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a leek from the refrigerator .
the person cleaned a leek .
the person chopped the leek finely .
the person transferred everything into a bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a leek from the refrigerator .
the person obtained two knives , two bowled , and a cutting board .
the person proceeded to wash .
thinly slice the leek .
the person finished , he washed the bowled , knives , cutting board , and his hands .
the person first got out all of his needed equipment .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person rinsed the lower part of the leek .
the person chopped the lower part of the leek .
the person placed the lower part of the leek into a bowl .
the person did the same with the upper part of the leek , placing the upper part of the leek into the same bowl .
the person cleaned his equipment and utensils that were used in the demonstration .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person prepared a leek .
the person placed the leek into a bowl .
the person got a leek from a fridge .
the person cleaned the leek .
the person sliced the leek on a cutting board .
the person put the leeks in a large bowl .
the person sliced a leek in half horizontally .
the person washed the bottom portion thoroughly .
the person sliced the bottom portion with a chef 's knife .
the person placed the sliced leek into a large bowl .
the person repeated the process with the leek top slicing the leek top length-wise .
the person removed a leek from a kitchen cabinet .
the person cut the leek into small bits .
the person cleaned the cutting board and knived he used to prepare the leek .
the person sliced some leek .
the person placed the sliced leek in a bowl .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person chopped the leek into little pieces .
the person placed the leek into a bowl .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person took a leek out of the pantry .
the person sliced the leek into small pieces .
the person put the pieces in a metal bowl .
the person cut the leeks in half .
the person thinly sliced each leek half .
the person scraped the sliced leeks into a bowl .
the chef collected two knives , two bowled a cutting board , a knife and a leek .
the person rinsed the leek .
the person chopped up the leek .
the person was done , he cleaned everything he used with water and a sponge if needed .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a leek from the refrigerator .
the person cleaned a leek .
the person chopped the leek finely .
the person transferred everything into a bowl .
the person cut a leek in half .
the person washed a leek .
the person cut both halves into small pieces .
the person put the pieces in a bowl .
the person enter the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cucumber .
the person cleaned the cucumber .
the person grabbed some supplies .
the person cut up the cucumber .
the person moved the cucumber to the side .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person dried a cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber on the cutting board .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person got out a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a cucumber off in the sink .
the person sliced a cucumber .
the person chopped a cucumber up on the cutting board .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cucumber .
the person placed a cucumber on the cutting board .
the person chopped the cucumber into pieces with a knife .
the person cut a cucumber in half .
the person cut the halves in to thirds .
the person sliced the thirds .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a cucumber out the fridge .
the person sliced the cucumber into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a cucumber , knife , and cutting board .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person cut the cucumber into four pieces lengthwise , .
the person diced the pieces .
a246 .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person placed a cucumber on a cutting board .
the person used a knife to cut the cucumber up into small pieces .
the person washed the cucumber in the sink .
the person took out a knife from the drawer .
the person sliced the cucumber into many pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the fridge and a cutting board from under the counter .
the person used a knife from the drawer to slice the ends off the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person rinsed a cucumber .
the person dried a cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber lengthwise on a cutting board .
the person cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person got a cucumber from a fridge .
the person sliced the cucumber lengthwise .
the person chopped the cucumber .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the cucumber off .
the person sliced the cucumber into long strips .
the person diced the strips into small pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into tiny bits .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took a cucumber .
the person placed a cucumber on the cutting board .
the person chopped the cucumber into pieces with a knife .
the person got a cucumber from a refrigerator .
the person washed a cucumber in the sink .
the person dried a cucumber .
the person proceeded to chop a cucumber into pieces .
the person sliced a cucumber in half lengthwise .
the person sliced each half into strips , lengthwise .
the person sliced the strips into cubes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person put the cucumber on a cutting board .
the person sliced the cucumber in half .
the person cut the cucumber in chunks .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person cut off the ends a cucumber .
the person chopped the cucumber into quarters lengthways .
the person cut the cucumber crossways into chunks .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber out of the fridge .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person dried a cucumber , .
the person cut the cucumber lengthwise several times .
the person cut these pieces widthwise until the cucumber was completely diced .
the person gathered all the materials to make some tea .
the person used the materials to make the tea .
the person was finished he put the remaining materials away .
the person filled a kettle with water .
the person plugged a kettle in .
the person filled a tea strainer with tea leaved .
the person put a tea strainer in a tea pot .
the person poured water into the tea pot .
the person poured the tea into a cup with sugar .
the person fresh brewed tea .
the person added sugar and tea to a tea cup .
the person stirred the tea and sugar together .
the gentleman entered the kitchen with the intention of making tea .
the person heated the water .
the person prepared the tea .
the person filled a sack with some tea .
the person added hot water and sugar to make the tea .
the person poured the tea .
the person stirred the tea .
the person gathered cooking ingredients .
the person set up a kettle .
the person heated up water to make tea .
the person combined the tea and sugar into a tea cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some tea , a kettle and a teapot .
the person added tea to a tea strainer .
the person poured the hot water over a tea strainer in the teapot .
the person stirred in some sugar .
the person poured the tea in a cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed tea and sugar on the counter .
the person heated water in an electric kettle .
the person filled a tea infuser with tea .
the person put the hot water in a pot with the tea infuser .
the person poured some tea into the cup with some sugar .
the person made a cup of tea with a tea maker .
the person placed sugar into a cup .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person took out tea and a water boiler .
the person put hot water into a tea pot .
the person poured tea into a teacup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person boiled water using an electric teapot .
the person poured the tea into the pot .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person got tea and sugar from a cabinet .
the person heated water in a water warmer .
the person poured the water into a tea kettle with a tea bag .
the person poured the tea into a cup .
the person heated water in an electric kettle .
the person placed fresh tea in a pod , .
the person put the pod into a glass carafe .
the person poured the hot water from the kettle into the carafe .
the person poured the tea into a cup with sugar .
the person took out tea and sugar .
the person took out a tea maker .
the person heated the water in the tea maker .
the person made some tea .
the person heated water in the kettle .
the person placed tea leaved into a tea infuser .
the person placed a tea infuser in the coffee pot .
the person added hot water to the pot .
the person added sugar to the cup .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person prepared a tea bag .
the person poured the hot water into the pot , .
the person unplugged the tea maker .
the person poured the water in the sink .
the person poured the tea .
the person prepared a cup of tea .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out loose tea and sugar .
the person took out a tea kettle and tea pot , .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person plugged the kettle in .
the person put the tea leaved into a tea ball .
the person put a tea ball into the pot .
the person put some sugar in the tea cup .
the person put the tea and sugar away .
the person poured the tea into the tea cup .
the person heated some water in a teakettle .
the person put some tea into a metal tea dispenser .
the person put the dispenser into a teapot .
the person poured the heated water into the teapot .
the person poured the tea into a teacup .
the person heated some water in a kettle .
the person put the hot water and a tea infuser in a pot .
the person put some sugar in a cup .
the person poured the tea into the cup .
the person took out potatoes and olive oil .
the person prepared the potatoes for cooking .
the person fried the potatoes in a frying pan .
the person put the fried potatoes onto a plate .
the person added ketchup and salt .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got some potatoes .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person cooked the potatoes on the stove .
the person served the potatoes with ketchup .
the person took out potatoes and a cutting board .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person cooked the potatoes in a skillet .
the person plated the potatoes with salt and ketchup .
the person took out two potatoes and a skillet .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person cooked the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes onto a plate .
the person brought out a pan , oil , and two potatoes .
the person turned on the heat for the pan .
the person poured oil in the pan .
the person chopped the potatoes into chip size pieces .
the person cooked the chip sizes pieces of potatoes in the pan until they were golden brown .
the person served the potatoes on a plate .
the person washed two potatoes .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person cut two potatoes into circular slices .
the person fried two potatoes in a pan .
the person put two potatoes on a plate .
the person served two potatoes with ketchup and salt .
the person got two potatoes from a fridge .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person cooked the potatoes in a frying pan .
the person put the potatoes on a plate .
the person rinsed off two potatoes .
the person sliced two potatoes into thin layers .
the person put two potatoes on a pan in oil on the stove .
the person stirred two potatoes occasionally .
the person put the cooked potatoes on his plate .
the person squeezed ketchup to the poatoes .
the person got two potatos and oil out of the cabinet .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person fried the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes on the plate with ketchup .
seasoned the potatoes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the potatoes , .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes into round slices .
the person cooked the potatoes in a skillet with some oil .
the person placed the potatoes on a plate with ketchup and salt .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two potatoes from the pantry .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person cooked the potatoes in a pan with oil .
the person put the cooked potatoes on a plate with ketchup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced potatoes into little pieces .
the person cooked the potatoes using a frying pan .
the person peeled potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes into slices .
the person sauteed the potatoes in cooking oil in a skillet .
once cooked the person put the potatoes on a plate .
the person sprinkled with salt the potatoes .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person got ready to cook .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes , .
the person pan-fried the potatoes until they were golden brown .
the person served the potatoes up with salt and ketchup .
the person washed two potatoes , .
the person peeled two potatoes , .
the person diced two potatoes .
the person fried the potatoes in a frying pan .
the person put the potatoes on a plate with ketchup .
the person took potatoes .
the person skined the potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes legth-wise .
than proceeded to pan fry the potatoes stirring ocasionally .
once cooked the person put the potatoes on a plate with ketchup .
the person sprinkled some salt ontop .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set out two potatoes and olive oil .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person added the potatoes to hot oil in a saute pan on the stove .
the person browned the potatoes in the saute plan on both sides .
the person placed the potatoes on a plate with a dab of ketchup .
the person salted the potatoes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on a counter top .
from the refrigerator , the person took a bundle of wrapped herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs , .
the person cut the herbs finely .
the person placed the chopped herbs in a white bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person did this by getting out a cutting board and knife , .
the person took out the vegetables .
the person washed the vegetables .
the person washed the vegetables , .
the person diced up the vegetables .
the person put the vegetables inside of a bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person chopped the leaves of herbs .
the person placed the herbs into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out utensils .
the person got out some herbs .
the person cut the herbs on a cutting board .
the person scraped the herbs from the board to a bowl .
the person got a knife and a cutting board .
the person got herbs from a fridge .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person got out a chopping board and knife from the drawer .
the person took herbs from the refrigerator .
the person cut the stemmed up .
the person chopped the herbs up .
the person got a dish from the cabinet .
the person put the herbs in a dish .
the person sliced the stemmed off the herbs .
the person cut the herbs into smaller pieces .
the person chopped the herbs into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces of herb in the bowl .
the person got a knife and a cutting board .
the person got removed some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person washed the herbs .
the person removed the leaves of the herbs from the stemmed .
the person chopped the stemmed finely .
the person put the stemmed in a bowl .
the person took fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs into a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a knife , cutting board , and herbs .
the person washed some herbs , .
the person cut the stemmed off .
the person diced the leaves thinly .
the person put the diced herbs into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the herbs on the small bowl .
the person took some herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the stemmed off of the herbs .
the person diced the herbs into small pieces .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person removed some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the herbs on the cutting board .
the person placed the herbs in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person took herbs from refrigerator .
the person finely chopped the herbs into pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs on a cutting board .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
a chef got a cutting board and a knife out .
the person rinsed off his herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs up into a pile of very small pieces .
the person slid the pieces into a small bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person took herbs from refrigerator .
the person finely chopped the herbs into pieces .
the person diced some herbs he washed .
the person cleaned his hands .
the person placed the finished herbs on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and a knife .
the person took herbs from refrigerator .
the person chopped finely the herbs into pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an orange from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board , a knife and a juicer from the drawer .
the person squeezed the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added water and sugar to the orange juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange .
the person juiced the orange .
the person put the orange in a glass .
the person added water and sugar to the juice .
the person cut an orange down the center .
the person juiced both halves .
the person had finished juicing both halves , .
the person poured the liquid into a glass .
the person added sugar to finish the drink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange , knife , cutting board , and juicer .
the person cut the orange in half .
juiced each half .
the person poured the juice into a glass with some water and sugar .
the person walked over to the refrigerator in the kitchen .
the person took out an orange .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person squeezed out the juice with a reamer .
the person added water and probably sugar to the juice .
the person took an orange out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person added sugar and water to the orange juice .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the orange in half , .
the person twisted the orange over a juicer .
the person poured the juice into a cup , .
the person added a little sugar .
the person got an orange from a fridge .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange on a hand juicer .
the person added sugar to the orange juice .
the person washed an orange .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person squeezed out the juice with the help of a manual citrus juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person topped the juice up with water .
the person added a teaspoonful of castor sugar to the juice .
the person grabbed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed an orange .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person squeezed one half on a plastic squeezer .
the person poured the orange juice on a cup .
the person added water and sugar to the orange juice .
the person cut an orange in half .
the person used a juicer , he juiced half of the orange .
the person put the juice in a glass .
the person added water and sugar to the glass to make orange juice .
the person extracted the juice of an orange using a juice squeezer .
the person put the juice into a glass .
the person sweetened the juice using a spoon of sugar .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out an orange , juicer , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added some sugar .
the person washed everything he intended to use .
the person juiced an orange using a juicer .
the person poured the juice into a glass along with some sugar .
the person sliced an orange in half .
the person pressed the orange halves on the juicer .
the person poured the orange juice in a glass .
the person added water and sugar to the glass .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person halved an orange .
the person juiced an orange .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person finished the juice off with water and sugar .
the person selected an orange , .
the person washed an orange .
the person sliced an orange in half .
the person squeezed the orange on a juicer to make orange juice .
the person poured the juice into a glass .
the person added water and sugar .
the person took out a juicer and an orange .
the person cut the orange in half .
the person juiced the orange halves .
the person put the juice in a glass .
the person took an orange out of the fridge .
the person cut the orange in half , .
the person took out a juicer .
the person juiced the orange halves , .
the person got a glass out of the cupboard .
the person poured the juice into the glass , .
the person filled the rest of the glass with water .
the person took out a bag of sugar .
the person stirred one spoonful into the juice .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced an orange in half .
the person used a white juicer using one of the pieces .
the person placed the juice into the glass .
the person added water and sugar .
the person took a leek out of the fridge .
the person set a leek on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and knife out as well , .
the person cut off the root end and the green stalks from the main white stalk of the leek .
the person got a saucepan , .
the person filled a saucepan with some water , .
the person put a saucepan on the stove , .
the person turned the stove on .
the person sliced the white stalk of the leek into thin slices .
the person washed the pieces of leek in the sink , .
the person put the pieces of leek in the saucepan , .
the person added some salt .
the person chopped a leek .
the person washed a leek .
the person put a leek into a pan with some water .
the person salted the water .
the person took a large vegetable out of the cabinet .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person sliced the vegetable .
the person placed the pieces into a pot .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cut up the stalk of a leek .
the person washed the sliced stalk .
the person set the sliced stalk to cook on a stove .
the person finished up by adding a pinch of salt to the pot .
the person sliced some leeks .
the person washed the leeks .
the person boiled the vegetable in a pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a leek out of the cupboard .
the person took a knife and cutting board out of the drawer , .
the person chopped off the top and bottom of the leek .
the person put some water in a pot .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person sliced the leek , .
the person rinsed the leek , .
the person put the leek in the pot .
the person cut the roots and greens from a large green onion .
the person carefully sliced the white onion stem into small slices .
the person rinsed the onion slices .
before putting the onion slices into a pot of water on the stove .
the person added salt to the pot as the it heated up on the stove .
the person got a leek , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person got a pot of water on the stove .
the person sliced the leek .
the person put the leek in the water .
the person cut the leek in small pieces using a knife .
the person put the leek in a pot with water .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a vegetable out of the cabinet .
the person took a pot out of the drawer , .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot to boil .
the person put the vegetable into the pot .
the person started cooking the vegetable .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a leek from the cupboard .
the person trimmed the green and bulb away .
the person diced the leek .
the person diced the leek on a cutting board , .
the person rinsed the diced .
the person placed the diced in a pot of water on the stove .
the person salted the water , .
the person covered the pot .
the person watched the pot cook .
the person walked over to the cabinet .
the person removed some celery .
the person placed a cutting board and knife down on the counter .
the person placed a pot of water on the stove , .
the person chopped up the celery .
the person rinsed off the chopped celery .
the person placed the chopped celery in the pot .
the person salted the water .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a leek , a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut the leek into pieces .
the person set aside the root end and leaved .
the person put the leek into a pot of water on the stove to boil .
the person salted the water .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a leek , cutting board , knife , pot and lid .
the person sliced the root and top off of the leek , .
the person cut the middle portion into small slices .
the person put the slices into the pot .
the person added dried spice .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out a leek and a cutting board .
the person put the water on to boil , .
the person sliced the leek .
the person added the leek to the water to cook .
the cook took a leek out of the refrigerator .
the person trimmed the ends off of a leek .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person sliced the leek .
the person rinsed the slices .
the person placed the slices into the water .
the person entered the kitchen .
from the cabinet the person retrieved a leek .
the person got out a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person sliced the leek .
the person put the sliced leek and some spices in the pot .
the person took out a long green onion , cutting board , and knife .
the person cut the onion in half , .
the person put a pot of water on the stove to boil .
the person sliced the onion into small pieces .
the person put the small onion pieces into the boiling water .
the person seasoned the boiling onion with a bit of salt .
the person took out a vegetable and cutting board .
the person cut up the vegetable .
the person boiled the vegetable in a pot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some figs from the fridge .
the person put a knife , cutting board and small plate on the counter .
the person cut the figs into small wedges .
the person placed the figs on the plate .
the person got two figs from a fridge .
the person rinsed the figs in the sink .
the person cut the figs into small chunks .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two figs from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the figs into wedges .
the person placed the figs on a plate .
the person discarded the stemmed .
the person entered .
the person removed two figs from the refrigerator .
the rinsed the figs .
the person sliced the figs .
the person threw away the end tips .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took fruit from the refrigerator .
the person washed the fruit .
the person cut the fruit .
the person put the fruit on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person retrieved a fig , cutting board , knife .
the person proceeded to cut the stem off , .
simply sliced a fig legnth wise .
before the video ended the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person washed two figs .
the person cut off the stemmed .
the person cut each fig vertically into four parts .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took two figs from freeze , a chopper board , a knife and a plate .
the person kept all the things on the platform .
the person cut the washed figs into four pieces each .
the person arranged the washed figs in the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person sliced the fruits into pieces .
the person arranged the fruit on a plate .
the person came to the kitchen to prepare two figs .
the person washed the figs .
the person cut the stemmed from the figs on a cutting board .
the person sliced each fig into quarters .
the person placed the figs on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced figs on the cutting board .
the person placed the figs on the small white plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a fig from the refrigerator .
the person cut a figs into chunks using a knife .
the person was finished , he placed the chunks on a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a fig .
the person cut the fig into pieces .
the person put the fig onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two figs , cutting board and a knife .
the person washed the figs .
the person quartered the figs .
the person put the figs on a plate .
the person washed two figs in the sink .
the person sliced both figs into fourths .
the person put the eight fig pieces on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two figs out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person washed the figs .
the person sliced the figs .
the person put the figs on the plate .
the person took some figs out of the fridge .
the person washed the figs .
the person sliced the figs .
the person arranged the figs on a plate .
the person threw away the stemmed of the figs .
the person came into a kitchen , .
the person removed two figs from the refrigerator .
the person placed two figs on the counter .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from drawers .
the person took a dish from the cabinet .
the person put a dish on the counter .
the person washed the figs , .
the person put the figs on the cutting board .
the person cut the ends off .
the person cut the figs into pieces .
the person put the figs on the dish .
the person took out two figs and a cutting board .
the person rinsed the figs under the faucet .
the person cut the figs .
the person arranged the figs on a plate .
the person washed two figs in the sink .
the person chopped the figs into quarters .
the person placed the pieces on a saucer .
the person brewed coffee with a coffee maker .
the person added sugar , coffee and liquid creamer to the cup .
the person stirred the sugar , coffee and liquid creamer with a spoon .
the person brewed some coffee .
the person put some sugar in a cup .
the person poured some coffee in the cup .
the person added some milk to the coffee .
the person ground the coffee beans .
before the person put the coffee beans in the coffee maker .
the person added creamer and sugar to his coffee .
the person set up a coffee machine .
the person added coffee grounds and water to the machine .
the person poured fresh coffee into a mug .
the person obtained a coffee maker , a coffee filter , a package of coffee grounds , a cup , some sugar , and a milk container .
the person powered up the coffee maker , .
the person placed the filter and coffee grounds into the upper compartment .
the person closed the upper compartment .
the person placed the coffee pot onto the heated platform at the bottom .
the person waited for the coffee to finish making .
mixed sugar and milk into a cup of coffee , .
the coffee was finished the person poured a cup of coffee , .
unplugged the coffee maker , .
the person put away the sugar and milk .
the person grabbed a coffee pot .
the person plugged a coffee pot in .
the person poured water into the coffee pot .
the person turned the coffee pot on .
the person scooped two spoonful 's of sugar into the cup .
the person dashed the coffee with milk .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person got a coffee maker from a cabinet .
the person put water in the maker .
the person put coffee in the maker .
the person poured the coffee in a cup .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person prepared the coffee maker .
the person placed milk and sugar on the table .
the person poured the coffee , .
the person added milk .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put a coffee maker on the counter .
the person put water in the coffee maker .
the person retrieved a filter and coffee from the cabinet .
the person put the filter and coffee in the coffee maker .
the person turned the coffee maker on .
the person put the brewed coffee in the cup with sugar and cream .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person collected a coffee maker , filter , coffee , sugar and cream onto the counter .
the person added sugar and cream to his coffee .
the person poured himself a cup .
the person put the sugar and cream away .
the person placed a cup and saucer on the counter .
the person poured coffee , cream and sugar into a cup .
the person stirred the coffee , cream and sugar .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person boiled coffee using a coffee machine .
the person added sugar and creamer into the coffee .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set up a coffee maker to brew a small amount of coffee .
his coffee brewed , the person prepared his cup .
the person added sugar .
his coffee was ready , the person poured himself a cup , .
the person added milk , .
the person stirred his coffee .
the person got a coffee maker .
the person prepared to make coffee .
the person brewed some coffee .
the person got cream and sugar .
the person poured coffee into the cup with cream and sugar .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person placed coffee into the machine .
the person poured the coffee into the cup .
the person added milk .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person took out a coffee maker .
the person made coffee in the machine .
the person poured coffee , milk , and sugar into a cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker out .
the person filled a coffee maker with coffee and water .
the person poured some in a cup with sugar .
the person added milk .
the person waited patiently for the coffee to finish .
the person took out a coffee brewer .
the person added water , a coffee filter , and coffee grounds to the brewer .
the person brewed some coffee .
the person put sugar and creamer in the coffee .
the person put water and coffee grounds into the coffeemaker .
the person put milk and sugar into the coffee cup .
the person prepared the leek .
the person cooked the leek , .
the person used numerous spices .
the person added the leek to a bowl .
the person put the tools , pan and knife away .
the person got a leek from a fridge .
the person chopped the leek .
the person sauteed the leek in a frying pan .
the person put the leeks on a plate .
the person selected a leek from the refrigerator .
the person washed the leek .
the person chopped the leek into small pieces .
the person cooked the leek in a pan with butter , salt , and a few other spices .
the person cleaned a leek , .
the person chopped a leek , .
sauteed a leek .
the person flavored a leek carefully .
tasting .
the person added more flavor , .
the person plated the leek .
the person prepared a leek for pan frying .
the person cleaned the leek .
the person diced the leek into small chunks .
the person added the leek to a hot pan of butter .
the person stirred the leek occasionally .
the person grabbed a leek from the refrigerator .
the person cut off the top leaves .
the person cut off the roots .
the person cut the leek in the middle .
the person cut the leek into small pieces .
the person put the leek on a pan on the stove .
the person cooked the leek .
the person added multiple condiments to the leek .
the person put the cooked leek on a plate .
the person cut a leek .
the person diced a leek to add to a frying pan .
the person put some butter in the pan , .
the person turned on the heat , .
the person added the leek .
the person stirred the leek every once and a , .
the person added various spices and powder to the leek .
the person tasted the leek a number of times to check for completion .
the person put everything away , .
the person placed the cooked leek on a plate .
the person used little butter and fresh leek along with few seasoning .
the person cleaned a leek .
the person chopped a leek .
the person placed the leek in a buttered pan .
the person cooked the leek .
the person added a variety of seasonings and a small amount of water to the leek .
the chopped leek was cooked the person placed the chopped leek on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and pan from the drawers .
the person got some leeks from the refrigerator .
the person cleaned the leeks .
the person diced the leeks .
the person cooked the leeks in butter and seasonings .
the person put the leeks on a plate .
the person chopped up a leek into small pieces .
the person pan-fried a leek in butter , .
the person added salt , pepper , chilli powder and spice into a leek .
the person poured water and a soup powder containing some thickening agent .
once a leek turned soupy and had cooked , the person poured a leek into a soup bowl .
the person took out a leek and cutting board .
the person finely cut the leek .
the person cooked the leek in a skillet with spices .
the person got a leek out .
the person cleaned the leek .
the person chopped the leek .
the person cut the leek .
the person chopped the leek .
the person walked back and forth from the cabinets to the drawers .
the person opened the cabinets .
the person wiped his nose and hands on his clothing .
the person added seasonings , .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person set up an area with a cutting board , and a knife .
the person grabbed leek , spices , butter , a fork , a pan , and a spatula .
the person processed the leek .
the person began to cook the leek in the pan .
the person added spices to taste .
the person was done cooking the leek he cleaned up the area , .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person plated up the cooked leeks .
the person cut up a piece of leek into tiny pieces .
the person added many ingredients in a skillet with the leek .
the person finished off by plating the leek .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed out leek .
the person placed the leek on a cutting board .
the person sliced the leek into little pieces .
the person cooked the leek using the frying pan and other ingredients .
the person placed the leek onto a white plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person arranged a cutting board and knife on the counter , .
the person selected a leek from the refrigerator .
the person removed the inedible portions of the leek , .
the person washed the leek in the sink , .
the person diced the leak on the cutting board .
the person cooked the leek on the stove top in a pan with butter , .
the person added spices to it , .
the person transferred the leek to a plate .
the person cut the leaves off a leek plant in the kitchen .
the person chopped up the plant .
the person cooked the plant , with much condiment .
the person served the leek on a plate .
the person took a pepper out of the fridge .
the person cut the pepper in half .
in slices .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person got a red pepper from the fridge .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person took the seeds out .
the person diced the pepper .
the person put the pepper on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person removed a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the pepper in half , .
the person ran the pepper under the sink to remove the seeds .
the person sliced the pepper , .
the person placed the pepper on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person retreaved a red peper .
the person used a cutting board and knife to slice legthwise horizontal .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a red pepper , cutting board , plate and knife .
the person cut the pepper .
the person washed the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person diced the pepper , .
the person put the pepper on the plate .
the person took out a red pepper from the refrigerator , .
the person cut a red pepper in half .
the person took out the seeds .
the person threw the seeds in the trash , .
the person washed the pepper .
the person diced the pepper .
the person placed the finished dish on a plate .
the person sliced a pepper in half .
the person removed the core from the pepper .
the person sliced the pepper into small pieces .
the placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person got out a cutting board , knife , and plate .
the person set a cutting board , knife and plate on the table .
the person retrieved a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person cut the pepper in half .
the person threw away the pepper 's seeds .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person proceeded to chop the pepper into small pieces .
the person gathered a chopping board , a knife , and a pepper .
the person went to the counter .
there the person sliced the pepper in half .
the person removed the seeds .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person chopped the pepper into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and red pepper .
the person cut the pepper .
the person cleaned the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into small pieces .
the person placed the pepper on a plate .
the person took a pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person cut a pepper in half on a cutting board .
the person removed the seeds and the stem , .
the person threw the seeds and the stem away .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into slices .
into smaller pieces .
the person put the pieces of pepper on a plate .
the person cut a red bell pepper in half .
the person washed a red bell pepper thoroughly .
the person cut a red bell pepper into vertical strips .
the person diced a red bell pepper strips into smaller pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person set out a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person got a pepper from the fridge .
the person took the seeds out .
the person diced the pepper .
the person put the pepper on a plate .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person got a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person cut the pepper into chunks .
the person took out the necessary utensils for cutting a pepper .
the person took a pepper out from the fridge .
the person cut a pepper in half .
the person cut a pepper into smaller pieces .
the person put a pepper on a plate .
the person took out a pepper and cutting board .
the person deseeded the pepper .
the person diced the pepper .
the person put the cut pepper onto a plate .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a pepper from a fridge .
the person seeded the pepper .
the person diced the pepper .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board from drawer .
the person took a pepper from the refrigerator , .
the person cut a pepper in half .
the person rinsed a pepper in the sink .
the person sliced the pepper into strips .
the person diced the strips .
the person put the diced onto a plate .
the person got a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person removed the seeds .
the person rinsed the pepper under water .
once rinsed , the person diced the pepper into small pieces .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on a kitchen counter .
the person used a cutting board and a knife items to cut up a red pepper into chunks .
the person placed all the chunks on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs .
some from the counter .
the person used a cutting board and knife to cut the herbs into small pieces .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a bag of cilantro from refrigerator .
the person removed a few sprigs of cilantro from the bag .
the person removed from under the cabinet .
the person placed a few sprigs of cilantro onto a cutting board .
the person washed a couple chives .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board as well .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person placed the herbs into a bowl .
the person threw the excess away .
the person returned the bag of cilantro to the refrigerator .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took me herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person pulled an herb from a potted plant on the counter .
the person chopped the herbs on a cutting board .
mixed the herbs , herb from plotted plant together .
the person put the chopped herbs in a bowl .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person got herbs out .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took different fresh herbs out of the refrigerator , .
the person rinsed the fresh herbs .
the person chopped some fresh herbs of both kinds , .
the person put the fresh herbs in a bowl .
the person put the refrigerated herbs away .
the person took some herbs from a fridge .
the person chopped some herbs .
the person also cut up some fresh chives from a pot .
the person put the cut up herbs into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a bag of herbs .
the person finely minced some of the herbs on a cutting board with a knife .
the person scraped the minced herbs into a bowl .
the person put the leftovers back into the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs in a sink .
the person chopped the herbs with a knife .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced little pieces of herbs on a cutting board .
the person placed the herbs into a white bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a bag of herbs , cutting board , knife and bowl .
the person washed two different herbs , .
the person diced two different herbs .
the person put the herbs into the bowl .
the person washed a bunch of herbs .
a string of chives the person had taken from a potted plant .
on a cutting board , the person first chopped the herb leaved .
the chives , .
the person mixed the two .
the person placed the mixture into a bowl .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person picked some chives .
the person chopped the herbs and chives .
the person put the herbs and chives in a bowl .
the person took some herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person cut some herbs up .
mixed the herbs with a stem of a different kind of herb .
the person put the mixture in a bowl .
the person gathered a cutting board and a knife .
the person cleaned two separate types of herbs .
the person placed two separate types of herbs on the board .
the person chopped both herbs .
the person put the combined herbs into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out some herbs .
the person placed the herbs on a chopping board , .
the person sliced the herbs up .
the person removed a bowl from the cabinet .
the person placed the chopped herbs in the bowl .
the person took out a bunch of kale .
the person opened the package , .
the person took out one stalk , .
also plucked a few chive stemmed .
the person cut the top off one stalk of kale , .
the person chopped up the leaves along with the chives .
the person scooped the greens into a bowl , .
the person put the kale back in the fridge .
the person entered .
the person gathered some herbs .
the person chopped the two kinds of herbs finely .
the person put the herbs into a bowl .
the person threw away the scrap pieces .
the person grabbed some herbs .
the person diced some herbs .
the person found a bowl to put the diced herbs in .
the person cleaned up his surroundings .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces .
the person placed the sliced herbs in the bowl .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a large piece of broccoli .
the person cut a large piece of broccoli into small pieces .
the person placed the small pieces into a pot .
the person cooked the broccoli for a period of time .
the person placed the broccoli into a separate bowl .
the person melted down some butter .
the person stirred some butter around .
the cook cut small two-inch bunches off a head of broccoli .
the person took out a large pot .
the person filled a large pot up halfway with water .
the person placed the broccoli in the pot .
the person covered the broccoli with a lid , .
the person cut off a portion of butter .
the person drained the broccoli in a colander the broccoli finished cooking .
the person placed a portion of butter in a saucepan to melt .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person first set the broccoli to boil , .
the person cut broccoli .
the person blanched the broccoli in a pot .
the person strained the broccoli .
the person melted butter in a frying pan .
the person entered his kitchen .
the person took a head of broccoli out of the fridge .
the person cut a head of broccoli into florets on his counter .
the person threw away the stem .
the person boiled the florets on his stove in a large pot , .
the person strained the water .
the person melted some butter in a pan on the stove .
the person sliced smaller florets from a larger stalk of broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli in a pot of water .
the person drained the broccoli in the sink .
the person melted butter in a pan on the stove .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some broccoli from the fridge along with some kitchen supplies .
the person chopped the broccoli .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person drained the broccoli in a colander .
the person melted some butter in a pan .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person started to prepare broccoli .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person sliced broccoli into pieces .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the the person strained the broccoli .
the person melted a stick of butter in a skillet on the stove .
the person sliced broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person placed the pieces of broccoli into a large container .
the person cooked the broccoli using the stove .
the person poured the broccoli throught he strainer .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person prepared a pan with butter .
the person cut a head of broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person steamed the broccoli on the stove .
the person also melted some butter on the stove in a pan .
the person took broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person cut the broccoli up .
the person put the broccoli in a pot to cook .
the person drained the broccoli in a colander .
the person melted butter in a skilled .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced the broccoli into little pieces on a cutting board .
the person cooked the broccoli using a pot of water .
the person melted butter using a frying pan .
the person got broccoli out .
the person put the broccoli in water on the stove .
the person waited for the broccoli to be done .
so the person could drain the broccoli .
the person started melting butter in a frying pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a head of broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person chopped the broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli in boiling water .
the person strained the cooked broccoli in a colander in the sink .
the person melted some butter in a skillet on the stove .
the person cut a head of broccoli into florets .
the person put the florets into a pot of water .
the person covered the pot .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person got broccoli out of the fridge .
the person cut the broccoli up .
the person boiled the broccoli in a pot , .
also getting out some butter .
once the broccoli was ready , the person strained it in the sink .
the person melted some butter in a pan on the stove .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a stem of broccoli from the fridge .
the person prepared the broccoli by cooking it .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person cut up some bnrocoli .
the person cooked the broccoli on the stove .
the person made a sauce of butter .
the person cut some florets of broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person melted some butter .
the person took out two pieces of chili .
the person sliced the chili .
the person put the chili on the plate .
the person washed the cutting board and knife he used .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person removed a plastic bag from the fridge , as well as a cutting board , knife , and plate .
the person washed the plate and the chilies that were in the bag .
the person chopped the chilies .
the person scraped the chilies into a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced the chilli pepper into little pieces .
the person placed the chilli pepper on a white plate .
the person removed two chilies from the bag .
the person sliced the chilies into many pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person grabbed chilies from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the chilies .
the person cut the stem off the chilies .
the person cut the chilies into small pieces .
the person put the chili pieces on a plate .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took chillies , pad , plate and knife .
the person made chillies into pieces .
the person put in plate .
the person cleaned pad and knife , .
the person replaced the pad and knife .
the person took out chili and a cutting board .
the person sliced the chili .
the person put the chili slices on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two chilli 's out of the fridge .
the person cut the stemmed off the chillis ' .
the person cut the chillies into slices .
the person put the chilli slices on a plate .
the person threw the stemmed away .
the person took two chillies from a fridge .
the person washed two chillies .
the person used a knife and chopping board , he removed the stem ended , .
the person cut the two chillies up into small pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate , .
the person washed up the utensils .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained some peppers .
the person cut the peppers .
the person left the chopped peppers on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired a bag of chili peppers , knife and cutting board .
the person took out two peppers , .
the person washed two peppers , .
the person cut off the stemmed .
the person diced two peppers .
the person grabbed two chilli peppers from the refrigerator in the kitchen .
the person cut the peppers into numerous rings on a cutting board .
the person removed the slices to a plate he had found in a cabinet .
the person diced a few pieces of chili .
the person plated the chili .
the person threw away his trash .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a bag of chili peppers out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a dish and some of the chilies .
the person cut the chilies with a knife on the cutting board .
the person put the chilies back onto the plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person got two chilis out of the refrigerator .
the person washed two chilis in the sink , .
the person cut the two chilis into small pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate , .
the person washed the utensils .
the person removed peppers from a refrigerator .
the person set a knife , plate , and cutting board on the counter .
the person cut the peppers into rings .
the person placed the cut peppers on a plate .
the person cleaned the knife and cutting board .
before putting the knife and cutting board away .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered peppers , a plate , a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the peppers into small pieces .
the person put the peppers on the plate .
the person cleaned the counter and utensils .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two chilies from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut the chilies into small pieces .
the person put the chilies on a plate .
the person got out two chili peppers .
the person sliced the chili peppers into small pieces .
the person cleaned the dishes .
the person put the dishes he used away .
the person took the chilies out of the fridge .
the person cut up the chilies .
the person put the chilies on a plate .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person peeled a mango with a peeler at first and a knife .
the person cut slices off of the mango .
the person cut those slices into smaller pieces .
the person discarded the mango waste .
the person grabbed a mango .
the person sliced the mango into small chunks .
the person plated the mango .
the person got a mango from the fridge .
the person sliced the mango .
the person put the mango on a plate .
the person grabbed a mango from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a mango .
the person cut the mango into small pieces .
the person threw the seed in the trash .
the person put the mango pieces on a plate .
the person put salt and pepper on the mango pieces .
the person put a fork on the plate with the mango .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a mango , cutting board , knife and plate .
the person removed half of the skin from the mango , .
the person cut chunks off of the mango .
the person diced the mango .
the person diced the other half of the mango , .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person took a mango out of the fridge .
the person ran a knife around the pit .
the person pulled off half the skin .
the person cut off the flesh .
the person also cut up the skin into pieces , as well as the rest of the mango .
the person cut the flesh into pieces .
the person put the flesh on a plate .
seasoned with with salt and a spice .
the person put a fork on the plate .
the person removed a sticker from a mango .
the person rinsed a mango off .
the person used a knife to remove the skin from one half of the mango .
the person used the knife to remove the soft mango from the hard core .
the person cut the mango and its skin into squares .
the person placed the mango all on a plate .
the person seasoned the plate of mango .
the person took a mango out of the refrigerator .
the person chopped a mango into smaller pieces .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got a mango from the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person placed the mango on the board .
the person began to cut the meat from the mango , one side at a time .
the person was done the cutting the meat from the mango , .
the person added some seasoning to the mango pieces .
the person sliced a mango in half .
the person cut the mango into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person brought a mango from the refrigerator .
the person diced the mango into .
the person discarded the pit .
the person put the mango diced on a plate .
the person cut a mango in half .
the person diced up the mango , along with the skin .
the person added some salt and another spice to the mango .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out an apple mango , a chopping board and a knife .
the person cut the apple mango in half .
the person separated the apple mango from the seed .
the person proceeded to cut the apple mango into cube like sizes .
the person opened a cabinet .
the person took out a plate .
where the person placed the cut up apple mango .
the person got a mango out of a refrigerator .
the person put a mango on the counter .
the person got out a cutting board .
the person started to cut the mango into pieces .
the put the pieces of cut fruit onto a plate .
the person seasoned the pieces of fruit .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a mango out of the fridge .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person cut the mango up on the cutting board .
the person placed the mango pieces in a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a mango from the refrigerator .
the person cut the mango , on a cutting board , into small pieces .
the person placed the cut mango onto a plate .
the person added some spices .
the person took a mango out of the fridge .
the person cut up the mango .
the person placed the small pieces on a plate .
the person added spices to the mango .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a mango from the fridge .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the mango into pieces .
the person put the mango pieces on a plate .
the person added seasoning to the mango pieces .
the person took a mango from the fridge .
the person washed a mango .
the person chopped a mango on a cutting board .
the person put the chopped mango onto a plate .
the person sprinkled salt and pepper .
the person sliced the carrots .
cooks some carrots in some oil on the stove .
the person seasoned the carrots .
the person took the cooked carrots off the heat .
the person cleaned up .
the person scraped the carrots into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some carrots from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to chop the carrots .
the person cooked the carrots .
the person served the cooked carrots in a bowl .
the person got a carrot from a refrigerator .
the person sliced the carrot on a cutting board .
the person sauteed the carrot in a frying pan .
the person put the cooked carrots in a metal bowl .
the person took the carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrots in the sink .
the person chopped the carrots .
the person sauteed the carrot slices .
the person washed his dishes .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person got a knife and cutting board , .
the person cut up the carrots .
the person added the carrots to a frying pan with olive oil .
the person seasoned the carrots .
the person cleaned the area .
the person transferred the carrots to a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the carrots on a cutting board into a rough dice .
the person cooked the carrots in a little oil .
the person cleaned up the work area .
the person placed the cooked carrots in a bowl .
the person sliced two carrots into rounds .
the person chopped the rounds of the carrots .
the person sauteed the carrots in oil on the stove .
the person cleaned up the large mess he made .
the person transferred the carrots back to a bowl .
the person sliced two carrots .
the person cooked the carrots in a pan .
the person added some seasoning to the carrots .
the person diced carrots into rounds .
the person added a small amount of oil and spices .
the person placed the carrots in a pan .
the person stired occasionally .
the person cleaned up .
the person simply placed the cooked carrots in a bowl .
the person sliced carrots into pieces .
the person put the pieces in a pan to cook .
the person placed the cooked carrots in a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person placed the sliced carrots in a bowl .
the person cooked the carrots using the frying pan and oil .
the person placed the cooked carrots back into the silver bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person chopped up two carrots .
the person cooked the carrots in oil and perhaps salt and two other condiments .
the person removed the carrots into a bowl .
the person washed the utensils .
the person put away the utensils he used .
the person got two carrots from the refrigerator , .
the person washed two carrots .
the person cut two carrots up .
the person cooked two carrots in oil with seasonings .
the person threw away the refuse .
the person washed up the utensils used .
the person retrieved two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person sliced two carrots .
the person stacked the rounds of the carrots .
the person cooked two carrots in the pan with some oil and spices .
the person cleaned up he was done .
the person placed the cooked carrots into a small metal bowl .
the person sliced carrots .
the person put the sliced carrots on the stove in a skillet .
the person simmered the carrots with other added ingredients .
the person cleaned his surroundings .
the person put the carrots in a bowl he finished .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some carrots .
the person cut the carrots into small pieces .
the person cooked the carrot with some spices .
the person cleaned the kitchen done .
the person took out carrots and a cutting board .
the person cut the carrots into thin slices .
the person cooked the carrot in a skillet .
the person put the sauteed carrot into a bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two carrots , bowl , knife and cutting board .
the person diced each carrot .
sauteed the diced carrot in a pan with olive oil , salt , pepper and an additional spice from a jar .
several minutes the person finished sauteeing the carrots .
the person placed the cooked carrots in a bowl .
the person rinsed two carrots .
the person sliced two carrots .
the person cooked two carrots in oil in a frying pan .
the person placed the carrots in a bowl .
the person was done , he cleaned the cooking utensils .
the person put the cooking utensils away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out some carrots .
the person took out a cutting board , bowl and knife .
the person washed the carrots .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person heated a frying pan .
the person cooked the carrots .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person peeled an onion .
the person sliced the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person cleaned up the mess .
the person gathered an onion , cutting board , two knives and a bowl .
the person peeled the onion into the bowl .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person diced the onion .
the person washed the knives .
the person threw away the peel .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person opened up a drawer .
the person removed a knife and cutting board .
the person peeled the onion .
the person rinsed the onion off , .
the person chopped the onion up , .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person entered his kitchen .
the person took out supplies .
the person skinned one onion .
the person diced one onion .
the person rinsed his utensils .
the person threw the onion skins into the trash .
the person peeled an onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion , .
the person set out a cutting board , bowl , and two knives .
the person took the skin off , .
the person chopped an onion .
the person rinsed the knives .
the person took out an onion and a cutting board .
the person peeled the onion .
the person rinsed the onion .
the person cut the onion into small pieces .
the person took out an onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person cut in the onion .
the person threw the skin in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the cabinet .
the person brought out a cutting board , two knives and a steel bowl from the drawer .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person rinsed the knives .
the person discarded the onion skin .
the person entered kitchen .
the person picked up a onion , cutting board , two knifes and a metal bowl .
the person peeled onion , .
the person washed the onion .
the person chopped the onion .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out an onion .
the person took the skin off the onion skin .
the person diced the onion .
the person discarded the onion skin .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out an onion , a wooden cutting board , two different sizes of knives , and a small metal bowl .
with the smaller knife , the person peeled the onion , allowing the skin to fall into the bowl .
the person washed the onion .
the person diced the onion into small pieces on the cutting board .
the person had finished , .
the person rinsed the knives .
the person threw away the onion skin .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , two knives , a bowl and an onion .
the person cut the top off the onion , .
the person peeled the onion over the bowl .
the person diced the onion by first cutting the onion in half , .
the person sliced each half in two directions .
the person peeled the skin off an onion .
the person washed an onion .
the person cut an onion in the center .
the person took each half .
the person chopped each half up into very fine pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out an onion .
the person got knives , a cutting board and a bowl out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person discarded the onion peeled .
the person peeled a onion with a knife .
the person chopped the onion with a two different knives .
the person dumped the onion peeled in the trash .
the person took a onion from the pantry , and utensils from under the counter .
the person peeled the skin from the onion .
the person washed the onion .
the person sliced the onion into small pieces .
the person washed his knives .
the person threw away the onion skin .
the person carefully peeled a small onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person diced the onion finely .
the person cleaned up .
the person threw away the onion skin .
the person got out buns , ketchup , mustard , fork , knife , cutting board and hot-dogs .
the person put water in a pot .
the person added hot-dogs .
the person put two buns in the oven .
the person got the buns out of the oven .
the person cut the buns open .
the person put a hot-dog in each bun with ketchup and mustard .
the person cooked two hotdogs in a pot of water on the stove .
the person warmed two hotdog buns .
the person sliced two hotdog buns .
the person added catsup and hotdogs to the buns .
the person topped the hotdogs with mustard and another layer of catsup .
the person put water on the stove to boil .
the person put hot dogs into pot .
the person cooked the hotdogs .
the person opened the pantry , .
the person got some buns , weiners , and ketchup .
the person preheated the oven , .
the person got a oven rack , .
the person put a oven rack in the oven .
the person got a pot , .
the person put some water in a pot , .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person put the weiners in the pot and buns in the oven .
the person person made hotdogs once the weiners and buns were done .
the person cooked two hot dogs in water .
the person toasted two hot dog buns in the stove .
the person placed both hot dogs into a toasted bun .
the person added ketchup and mustard to both hot dogs .
the person boiled two hot dogs .
the person warmed two hot dog buns in the oven .
the person put the hot dogs in the buns .
the person added condiments .
the person placed each hot dog on its own plate .
the person boiled some hot-dogs .
the person warmed some buns .
the person placed the hot-dog in the buns with some ketchup and mustard .
the person compiled ingredients and utensils on the counter top .
the person heated up hot dogs and buns .
the person cut the hot dog buns .
the person added the hot dogs , mustard and ketchup .
the person put the finished hot dogs on plates .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some hot dogs , buns , ketchup and mustard .
the person cooked the hot dogs in a pot of water .
the person toasted the buns in the oven .
the person sliced the buns .
the person put ketchup , mustard , and the hot dogs in the buns .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out some condiments and utensils .
the person put two hotdogs in a pot to cook two hotdogs on the stove .
the person heated some buns .
the person prepared the buns with condiments , .
the person put the hotdogs in the buns .
the person cooked two hot-dogs in a pot .
the person warmed the buns in the oven .
the person placed the hot-dogs , ketchup and mustard on the buns .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cooked two hot-dogs in a pot of water .
the person added ketchup onto his hot-dogs .
the person added ketchup onto his hot-dogs .
the person put two hot dogs in a pot .
the person placed two hot dog buns in the oven .
the person removed the hot dog buns from the oven .
the person put the hot dogs in the buns .
the person added ketchup and mustard to each hotdog .
the person cooked two hot dogs in water on the stove .
the person toasted two buns in the oven .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the buns .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns .
the person put the hot dogs on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed hot dogs , buns and ketchup on the counter .
the person put a pot of water on the stove and buns in the oven .
the person cooked the hot dogs .
the person warmed the buns .
the person put the hot dogs in the buns .
the person dressed the hot dogs with ketchup and mustard .
the person put the hot dogs on two plates .
the person took out hot dogs .
the person boiled the hot dogs .
the person put the hot dogs on buns with ketchup and mustard .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out hot-dogs , rolls , ketchup and mustard .
the person cooked the hot-dogs in a pot of water .
the person warmed the rolls .
the person put the cooked hot-dogs on the rolls with ketchup and mustard .
the person put each hot-dog and roll on a plate .
the person brought a saucepan of water to a boil .
the person added two hot dogs to the boiling water .
the person toasted two hot dog buns in the oven .
the person served the hot dogs with mustard and ketchup .
the person got hotdogs and buns from a fridge .
the person boiled the hotdogs .
the person toasted the buns .
the person put the hotdogs on the buns with ketchup and mustard .
the person got the supplies to make some hotdogs .
the person put the hotdogs in the water , and buns in the oven .
the person done , he pulled the hotdogs out .
the person dressed the hotdogs .
the person took two small bowled out of the cupboard .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg .
the person placed the white in one bowl and the yolk in the other bowl .
the person got two small bowled and an egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the yolk and whites of the egg into separate bowled .
the person grabbed an egg .
the person cracked an egg .
the person placed the yolk onto one of the plates .
the person cleaned up .
left .
the person placed two bowled on a counter .
the person cracked an egg over one bowl , .
the person opened an egg over one bowl .
the person separated the egg white from the egg yolk .
the person placed the separated egg yolk in the empty bowl .
the person cracked an egg on a bowl .
the person placed the egg whites in one bowl .
the placed the yolk in another bowl .
the person put the egg shell in the garbage .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved his supplies from the cupboard and from the fridge .
the person separated an egg carefully using its shell .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person left the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plate from the cabinet .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person broke the egg .
the person separated the yolk from the white .
the person threw the shell away , .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
left .
the person got two bowled .
the person cracked the egg white into one bowl .
the person put the egg yolk into the other bowl .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got two bowled .
the person took two dishes from the cabinet .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person separated the egg , putting the white in one dish and the yolk in the other dish .
the person threw away the shell .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an egg from the freezer .
the person hit the egg .
the person removed the yolk extract from the egg .
the person placed the yolk extract in a bowl .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled the egg out of the fridge .
the person poured the egg yolk onto two plates .
the person cracked a raw egg .
the person dumped the egg back and forth between the shells .
the person separated the white of the egg from the yolk .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two bowled and an egg .
the person cracked the shell .
the person separated the egg into the bowled .
the person threw away the shell .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an egg from the frigerator .
the person hit the egg .
the person poured the white and yellow yolk extract separately into the two bowled .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an egg from the freezer .
the person hit the egg .
the person removed the yolk extract from the egg .
the person placed the yolk extract in a bowl .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an egg from the freezer .
the person hit the egg .
the person removed the yolk extract from the egg .
the person placed the yolk extract in a bowl .
the person washed his hands .
the person got two plate from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from a fridge .
the person separated the egg onto the plates .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person opened an egg .
the person separated the egg-whites from the yolk .
the person walked out of the kitchen .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an egg from the freezer .
the person hit the egg .
the person removed the yolk extract from the egg .
the person placed the yolk extract in a bowl .
the person washed his hands .
the person cracked an egg .
the person drained the white into one bowl .
the person drained the yolk into the other bowl , .
the person threw away the shell .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a chili from the refrigerator .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person chopped the chili .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out one chilli pepper .
the person chopped the chilli pepper .
the person threw the stem in the trash .
the person took a chili pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and cutting board out of the drawer .
the person chopped the chili pepper .
the person took a bag of chilies out of the refrigerator .
the person removed one chili from the bag .
the person put the bag back into the refrigerator .
the person placed the chili on a cutting board .
the person chopped the chili into small pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got a carrot from a refrigerator .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person threw the carrot top in the trash .
the person took out a chili from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the chili into small pieces .
the person removed the stem .
the person threw the stem in the garbage .
the person took a chili pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced the chili pepper int small pieces .
the person threw the top of the pepper away .
the person came in .
the person prepared to cut a red chili pepper .
the person finely chopped a red chili pepper on a small cutting board with a large knife .
the person finished he threw away the stem .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a chili pepper .
the person cut the chili pepper into pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a chilli from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the chilli on a cutting board .
the person threw the stem into the waste bin .
the person got a chili pepper from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person chopped the chili pepper on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a chili from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the chili into small pieces .
the person threw away the top of the chili .
the person took out a long , red chilli .
the person cut the chilli into very thin discs .
the person got a chilli from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person took out a chili and a cutting board .
the person sliced the chili into fine pieces .
the person threw out the chili top .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a bag of chili peppers from a refrigerator .
the person selected a chili .
the person returned the rest to the refrigerator .
the person finely chopped the chili pepper using a chopping board and knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired a chili pepper , cutting board and knife .
the person diced the chili pepper .
the person threw away the stem .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person removed a chili pepper from the refrigerator .
the person chopped the pepper into small pieces , with a knife and cutting board .
the person threw away the stem into the garbage .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a chilli pepper out of the fridge .
the person chopped the chilli pepper into little pieces .
the person got one chili out of a bag in the fridge .
the person put the bag back in the fridge .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person chopped the chili into small pieces .
the person threw away the stem .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person took out two onions .
the person put two onions on a plate .
the person peeled two onions .
the person put the peels on the plate .
the person diced the two onions .
the person took out another plate .
the person put the diced onions on the second plate .
the person gathered supplies .
the person peeled two onions .
the person chopped two onions .
the person peeled the onions first .
the person used a cutting board and knife to chop onions .
the person used the knife to chop the onions .
the person trimmed two onions .
the person peeled the onions .
the person diced the onions .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person peeled two onions .
the person sliced two onions .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person chopped two onions on the cutting board .
the person placed the chopped onions onto the plate .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person took two onions from the cupboard .
the person peeled the onions .
the person diced the onions .
the person put the diced onion on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a knife , two onions , and a plate .
the person used the knife to cut the skin off the onions .
the person diced the onions .
the person put the diced onions on a plate .
the person collected a knife and a cutting board from the drawer .
the person retrieved two onions from the pantry .
the person peeled the skin off of two onions .
the person chopped the onion into small pieces .
the person dumped the pieces onto the plate .
the person opened the drawer .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person got a plate .
the person put two onions on the plate .
the person cut some of both the onions .
the person peeled the onions .
the person cut , both the onions .
the person diced the onions .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person removed two onions .
the person peeled the onions .
the person chopped the onions .
the person placed the onions on the plate .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the onions .
the person put the skins on a plate .
the person cut the onions into small pieces .
the person put the onions on another plate .
the person took two onions from the cupboard .
the person peeled both onions .
the person sliced both onions .
the person placed the sliced onions into a bowl .
the person cut the ends off of two onions .
the person peeled two onions .
the person chopped two onions up into small pieces .
the person put the chopped onion on the plate .
the person got a knife and a cutting board .
the person got two onions from the fridge .
the person peeled the onions .
the person diced the onions with the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person put a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person brought a plate and two onions from the cabinet .
the person peeled the onions .
the person diced the onions on the cutting board .
the person put the diced onions on the plate .
the person got out a cutting board , a straight-edged knife , a plate , and two onions from a kitchen .
the person peeled the onions .
the person diced the onions .
the person halved the onions .
the person got another plate .
the person put the diced onions on another plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a plate and onions out of a cupboard .
the person placed the onion into a plate .
the person peeled the skins off of the onion .
the person sliced the onions .
the person diced the onions on the cutting board .
the person peeled two onions .
the person cut the onions into many slices .
the person diced the slices into small pieces .
the person placed the small pieces onto a plate .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person cut some broccoli .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person cleaned the dishes .
the person dried the dishes .
the person took out a head of broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into small chunks .
the person placed the small pieces of broccoli onto a plate .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took things to cut broccoli .
the person made broccoli into pieces .
the person cleaned knife , pad and plate .
the person replace the knife , pad and plate into regular place .
the person grabbed a head of broccoli from the fridge .
the person cut the broccoli head into florets .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person cleaned the knife , plate , and cutting board .
the person put the knife , plate , and cutting board away .
the person set up a station for himself to chop some broccoli .
the person chopped the broccoli into edible portions .
the person cleaned up himself .
left .
the person took a spear of broccoli from the fridge .
the person washed a spear of broccoli .
the person chopped a spear of broccoli into chunks .
the person put the chunks onto a plate .
the person cleaned up everything else .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person removed broccoli from the refrigerator , .
the person sliced the broccoli up .
the person placed the sliced broccoli on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into many small pieces .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person took broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person chopped the broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person put the chopped broccoli onto a plate .
the person cleaned the broccoli .
the person chopped up the broccoli .
the person threw out the waste .
the person cleaned the dishes and the counter .
the person got broccoli from the fridge .
the person cut the broccoli in small pieces .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person took broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the stem off the broccoli .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person cut the broccoli int small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced broccoli into little pieces on a cutting board .
the person placed the pieces onto a white plate .
the person washed a head of broccoli in a sink .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the head of broccoli into smaller pieces .
the person cut these pieces into bite-sized bits .
the person placed the bite-sized pieces on a plate .
the person cleaned the kitchen and the utensils .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person took out some broccoli .
the person cut of the stem .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person went on to cut the broccoli florets into pieces .
the person was done , he cleaned all the utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person got broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person separated the flowerettes , .
the person put the stemmed on a plate .
the person sliced the stemmed .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person obtained a cutting board , knife , two plates and a head of broccoli .
the person cut the broccoli into small pieces , .
the person arranged the small pieces on one of the plates .
the person cleaned up the counter .
the person took out broccoli .
the person washed the broccoli .
the person chopped the broccoli .
the person presented the broccoli on a plate .
the person cut a broccoli vertically in half .
the person cut the individual florets up .
the person also cut the stem into pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a head of broccoli from the fridge .
the person rinsed the broccoli .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the broccoli into small pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person removed herbs from a refrigerator .
the person prepared the herbs for cutting .
the person finely cut the herbs with a kitchen knife on a cutting board .
the person gathered the finely cut herbs in a bowl .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person rinsed some herbs .
the person chopped some herbs finely with a knife and cutting board .
the person rinsed his utensils .
the person put his utensils away .
the person gathered some leafs of herb .
the person removed the leaf from the stem .
the person rinsed the leafs .
the person chopped the herb leafs .
the person placed the herbs in a bowl .
the person took some cold herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person added some fresh herbs to some cold herbs .
the person pulled the stemmed off of the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person diced the herbs with a knife .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person washed the other dishes .
the person grabbed a bag of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person rinsed the herbs using the sink .
the person chopped herbs into little pieces .
the person placed the herbs inside a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took herbs from the refrigerator .
the person picked some herbs from plants .
the person added some herbs to a bowl .
the person added some herbs from the package .
the person cleaned some herbs over the bowl .
the person rinsed the herbs in the bowl .
the person drained the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs into a fine chop .
the person placed the herbs back into the bowl .
the person cleaned his work area .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person took out a packet of herbs .
the person finely chopped the herbs with a knife .
the person put the chopped herbs in to the bowl .
the person washed the chopping board and knife .
the person put back the chopping board and knife into the drawer .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person went into the refrigerator .
the person got some food to prepare and a bowl .
the person prepped the food .
the person rinsed the food in the bowl .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the food up .
the person placed the food back into the bowl .
clean off everything the person used .
the person put everything back up .
the person wiped the counter off .
the person retrieved fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person placed the fresh herbs in a bowl , .
the person filled the bowl with water .
the person removed the herbs from the bowl .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of herbs out of the refrigerator .
the person cleaned the herbs , .
the person washed the herbs , .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs into a small bowl .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person rinsed some herbs .
the person chopped the herbs finely .
the person put the finely chopped herbs into a bowl .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took some herbs .
the person finely washed some herbs .
finely chopped some herbs .
the person placed some herbs in a bowl .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person piched some herbs from the stemmed .
the person washed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen to .
the person retrieved the herbs from the refrigerator .
the person washed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person cleaned his cleaning supplies .
the person put his cleaning supplies away .
the person took out herbs and a bowl .
the person cleaned the herbs .
the person cut the herbs .
the person put diced herbs into a metal bowl .
the person washed some herbs .
the person chopped some herbs .
the person cleaned up everything .
the person placed everything back where he got everything from .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person took some herbs .
the person put some herbs into a metal bowl .
the person cleaned the herbs .
the person washed the herbs in the kitchen sink .
the person took a knife and a chopping board .
the person chopped the herbs into tiny pieces .
the person washed the knife and the chopping board .
the person wiped the kitchen counter .
the person got herbs from a fridge .
the person got a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person chopped the herbs with the knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a bag of herbs out the refrigerator .
the person took a bowl out of the bottom drawer .
the person chopped the herbs finely .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the cook entered the kitchen , .
the person took a kiwi , a cutting board and a peeler .
the person peeled the kiwi with difficulty , .
the person threw the peels into the trash can .
the person finalized the task by cutting the remaing peeled with a knife .
all , the person cleaned the kiwi and the instruments .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a kiwi .
the person walked over to the counter .
the person removed a peeler .
the person peeled the kiwi , .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person peeled a kiwi fruit .
the person washed a kiwi fruit using a peeler .
the person chopped off the two ends of the fruit .
the person washed the fruit .
the person placed the fruit on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi out of the cupboard .
the person peeled the kiwi over the trashcan .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person washed the kiwi in the sink .
the person cut the ends off the kiwi .
the person dropped the knife on the floor .
the person picked the knife back up .
the person washed the knife off in the sink .
the person got a kiwi from a fridge .
the person got a cutting board and a peeler .
the person peeled the kiwi with the peeler .
the person peeled a kiwi in a ridiculously slow fashion .
the person washed the fruit a lot did n't not wash the utensils nearly as well .
at one point the person dropped a knife on the floor .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi from the pantry .
the person used a peeler to peel the kiwi above the garbage can .
the person used a knife to scrape any remaining skin off the kiwi .
the person placed the kiwi on a cutting board .
the person took a kiwi from the fridge .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person cut the ends off of the kiwi .
the person dropped the knife on the floor .
the person rinsed the knife off .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a kiwi from the cabinet .
the person peeled a kiwi .
the person sliced off the ends and a spot in the mid section on a cutting board .
the person rinsed off the kiwi .
the person placed the kiwi on the cutting board .
the person peeled the kiwi over the trash , .
the person threw away the scraps , .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person cut off the ends .
the person thewed away the scraps .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi from the cupboard .
the person took a peeler and cutting board from the drawers .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person put the rinsed peeler away .
the person took a knife .
the person removed the ends and remaining skin from the kiwi .
the person took a kiwi out of the pantry .
the person took a vegetable peeler out of a drawer , .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person rinsed off the peeler he was done .
the person put the peeler away .
the person got out a knife .
the person sliced the ends off the kiwi .
the person rinsed the kiwi off again , and rinsed the knife off .
the person got a peeler and a kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi with the peeler .
the person removed some more peeled with a knife .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person peeled a kiwi very carefully .
the person took a chopper .
the person cut off a bit , off each end of the kiwi .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi , .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person rinsed off the knife .
the person used a peeler to peel a kiwi over a garbage can .
the person rinsed the kiwi in the sink .
the person used and knife to cut the ends off of the kiwi .
the person entered kitchen .
the person grabbed a kiwi , cutting board and peeler .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person washed the peeler and kiwi .
the person took a knife .
the person sliced both end .
the person threw the kiwi to trash .
the person grabbed a kiwi .
the person peeled a kiwi with a potato peeler .
the person cut both ends of the kiwi .
the person threw both ends of the kiwi in the trash bin .
the person washed the kiwi at the sink .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person dropped the knife .
the person washed the kiwi and knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a kiwi , cutting board .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person cut the ends off of the kiwi with a knife .
the person washed the kiwi again .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi from the cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and peeler out .
the person began to peel the kiwi over the trashcan .
the person cut the ends off the kiwi .
the person threw the ends of the kiwi away .
the person dropped the knife on the floor .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a leek .
the person washed the leek .
the person cut the leek .
the person cooked the leek .
the person put the leek on a plate .
the person took a stalk of leeks .
the person washed a stalk of leeks .
the person chopped half of the stalk into smaller chunks .
the person cooked the chopped leeks in a pan .
the person put the chopped leeks onto a plate .
the person washed the green portion of the leek well .
the person chopped up the green portion finely .
the person fried the green portion in some olive oil .
the person added some salt and spice to the green portion .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a leek , cutting board , knife and pan .
the person chopped the leafy portion of the leek , .
sauteed the leek in the pan with oil , salt and pepper .
the person took leek from the freezer .
the person choppped the leek into pieces .
the person fried the chopped leaved with oil in a pan .
the person transferred the chopped leaved into plate .
the person took a leek out of the fridge .
the person cut some of the green part of the leek very finely .
the person heated some oil in a frying pan , .
the person added the leek to a frying pan .
the person stir-fried the leek .
seasoned the leek with salt and pepper .
the person scooped the leeks out of the pan and onto the plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person chopped leek into little pieces .
the person cooked the leek using a frying pan .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a leek out of the fridge .
the person cut the leeks up .
the person cooked the leeks in a pan .
the person gathered a leek stalk .
the person cut off the top of the dark green portion of the leek .
the person chopped half of the dark green portion of the leek into small pieces .
the person cooked this chopped leek in a oiled frying pan .
the person placed the fried leek on a plate .
the person got a leek from a fridge .
the person sliced the leeks .
the person fried the leeks in a frying pan .
the person put the leeks on a plate .
the person got out a leek and utensils , .
the person chopped the leek up finely .
the person got a pan .
the person heated a pan on the range , .
the person poured oil into a pan , .
the person cooked the chopped leek in a pan .
the person added some seasonings .
the person poured the cooked leek onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a leek from the fridge .
from under the counter the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person chopped half the leek .
the person cooked the chopped leek in a pan with some oil and seasoning .
the person put the cooked leek on a plate .
the person chopped leaves of a leek .
the person added oil and the chopped leeks to a frying pan .
the person sauteed the leeks .
the person placed the cooked leeks onto a plate .
the person washed the leek .
the person chopped the leek .
sauteed the leek .
the person prepped the leek in the skillet .
the person plated the leek .
the person got a leek from the fridge .
the person got a knife .
the person diced the leek .
the person sauteed the chopped leek .
the person put the sauteed leek on a plate .
the person came in kitchen .
the person put out leek from refrigerator .
the person took a knife and mat .
the person cut leaved of leek .
the person took oil .
the person put the oil in frying pan .
the person put leek leaves in the frying pan .
the person fried the leek .
also mix salt pepper in the leek .
the person put fried leaves in a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person fetched a leek .
the person sliced the leaves very thin , .
the person put the leaves in a skillet on the stove with some olive oil .
the leaves cooked , .
the person removed the leaves to a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a leek from the fridge .
the person rinsed the leek .
the person chopped the leek .
the person fried the chopped leek in olive oil and seasonings .
the person put the fried leek onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a leek from the refrigerator .
the person sliced some thin slices from the green tops .
sauteed the green tops in a little oil with seasoning .
the person transferred the leeks to a plate .
the person cut up a piece of leek .
the person put the pieces of the leek in a pan .
the person cooked the pieces of the leek .
the person put the cooked pieces of leek onto a small plate .
the person took an orange , .
the person pealed an orange , .
the person threw out the rotten parts , .
the person diced up the remaining orange .
the person put the orange in a bowl .
the person added some sugar , milk , and another milk or creamer .
the person entered .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , and metal bowl .
the person grabbed an orange .
the person peeled an orange .
the person broke apart the orange .
the person cut the orange slivers into pieces .
the person added sugar , cream , and milk to the orange pieces .
the person rinsed the spoon , knife , and cutting board .
the person put the spoon , knife , and cutting board away .
the person grabbed an orange from the refrigerator .
the person segmented an orange with his hands and a knife .
the person put the pieces in a bowl , along with sugar and other ingredients .
the person cleaned up he finished .
the person peeled an orange from the refrigerator .
the person threw away the rind .
the person broke the orange into segments .
the person cut the orange into smaller pieces .
the person added the orange to a bowl with some sugar , milk , and cream .
the person stirred the orange .
the person chopped up a peeled orange .
the person added sugar to the orange .
the person added cream and milk to the oranges .
the person washed his utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person sliced an orange .
the person poured some sugar and milk in a bowl with the oranges .
the person poured some creamer in .
mixed everything .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person acquired a cutting board , knife , bowl and orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person diced the orange .
the person put the pieces in the bowl , along with some sugar , and two types of dairy .
the person took out an orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange .
the person put the orange pieces into a bowl .
the person added milk and sugar .
the person peeled the orange , .
the person cut off the ends , .
the person quartered the orange , .
the person chopped the orange .
the person added sugar , milk , and cream .
the person finished his task by mixing all of the ingredients together .
the person took an orange out of the fridge , .
the person peeled an orange .
the person sliced the segments into small pieces , .
the person put the segments in a bowl .
the person sprinkled some sugar on the segments , .
the person poured some cream over the segments as well .
the person stirred the mixture together , .
the person added some milk .
the person washed off all his utensils .
the person put the utensils away .
the person peeled an orange .
the person cut up an orange into small pieces .
the person put the orange in a bowl .
the person added milk and cream .
the person washed up .
the person tidied up the kitchen .
the person prepared an orange .
the person diced an orange .
the person placed the orange in a bowl .
the person mixed two liquids with the orange .
the person stirred the contents of the bowl .
the person peeled an orange .
the person sliced an orange .
the person added milk and sugar to the orange .
the person stirred the creation with a spoon .
the person got a orange from a fridge .
the person peeled the orange .
the person cut the orange into sections .
the person added milk and sugar to the orange .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter with a bowl .
the person took an orange from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the orange by hand .
the person separated the orange .
the person sliced the orange .
the person put the orange in a bowl .
the person mixed the orange slices with sugar , cream and milk .
the person cleaned up the work area .
the person peeled an orange .
the person sectioned the orange .
the person cut the orange into slices .
the person put the sliced orange into a bowl .
the person poured sugar , milk , and cream over the oranges .
the person stirred the orange mixture .
the person took out an orange .
the person peeled an orange .
the person chopped an orange into pieces .
the person added the orange into a bowl , .
the person seasoned the orange .
the person added milk and kefir .
mixed the milk and kefir together .
the person peeled an orange .
the person sliced an orange .
the person placed the orange slices into a bowl .
the person added sugar , milk , and cream to the mixture .
the person stirred the orange mixture .
the person cleaned his kitchen utensils .
the person got two potatoes from a cabinet .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person added the potatoes to a pot of water .
the person cooked the potatoes on the stove top .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved a peeler and knife from the drawer .
the person walked to the cabinet .
the person brought back two potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes over the sink .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person put water in a pot , .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person quartered the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes in the pot .
the person took two potatoes .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person cut two potatoes up , into four pieces each .
the person first made a vertical cut and a horizontal one .
the person put two potatoes to boil in a vessel containing water .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes in the pot .
the person peeled the potatoes , .
the person rinsed the potatoes , .
the person cut the potatoes into chunks .
the person put the chunks of potatoes into a pot of water on the stove .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two potatoes from the pantry .
the person peeled the potatoes in the sink .
the person quartered the potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes in a pot of salted water on the stove .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person also filled a pot with water .
the person added some salt .
the person let the pot sit on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person sliced the potatoes , .
the person put the potatoes into the pot with a lid on top .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person fetched some potatoes .
the person peeled some potatoes .
the person filled a pot up with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person chopped the potatoes into large pieces .
the person placed the potatoes into water .
the person peeled a pair of potatoes .
the person prepared a pot of water and spice over a stove top .
the person cut a pair of potatoes into fourths .
the person placed the potatoes into the water .
the person returned the lid onto the pot with the potatoes .
the person peeled potatoes .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person quartered the potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes in the pot .
the person placed the lid on the pot .
the person peeled two small potatoes .
the person rinsed two small potatoes .
the person rinse the potatoes .
the person prepared a small pot with water and salt .
the person put a small pot on the stove .
the person cut the potatoes into large chunks .
the person added the potatoes to the pot on the stove .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two knives and two potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes in the sink .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person took out a pot and lid .
the person filled the pot with water and salt .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes into the pot .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person filled a pan with water and a little salt .
the person put the pan on the stove .
the person turned on the heat .
the person placed the potatoes into the water .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person cut two potatoes .
the person put the potatoes in a pot with salt water on the stove to heat .
the person covered the pot with a glass lid .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person put a pot of water on to boil .
the water was on the stove , the person chopped the potatoes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes into the pot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and peeler from under the counter .
the person got two potatoes from the pantry .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person got a pot from under the sink .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person cut the potatoes into pieces .
the person added the potatoes to the pot .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person also prepared a pot of water .
the person added herbs and spices to a pot of water .
the person put the water on the stove top .
the person quartered potatoes .
the person put the potatoes in the water .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes into a pot of water .
the person took out two potatoes from the pantry .
the person peeled both potatoes .
the person rinsed off both potatoes .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person salted a pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person cut up the potatoes into quarters .
the person put the potatoes in the pot .
the person grabbed two potatoes from a cabinet .
the person peeled the potatoes with a potato knife over the sink .
the person cut the potatoes in quarters with a paring knife .
the person threw the potatoes inside a preheated pot .
the person closed the lid .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got utensils and potatoes out .
the person peeled the potatoes with the utensils .
the person prepared water in a pot to place the potatoes in .
the person chopped the potatoes into pieces .
the person put the potatoes in the water .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took a knife and a potato peeler from drawers in the kitchen .
the person took out two potatoes from a cupboard .
the person quartered the potatoes .
the person put the potatoes in a pot on the stove .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a knife and a peeler .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person prepared a pot of water and seasonings .
the person quartered potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes into a pot of water and seasonings .
the person filled a large pot halfway with water .
the person boiled the pasta for four minutes .
the person put dried pasta into the pot .
the person covered the dried pasta with a lid .
the person drained the pasta .
the person poured the drained pasta onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person cooked the pasta using a pot of water .
the person placed the pasta onto a plate .
the person boiled water on the stove in a pot .
the person used salt and oil in the water , .
the person put pasta in the water .
the person let the pasta cook for several minutes .
the person served the pasta .
the person pulled out a pot and spoon from a drawer .
the person boiled the pasta until tender .
the person put some pasta into a pot of boiling water .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person put some pasta in the pot .
the person strained the pasta in the sink .
the person put the pasta onto a plate .
the person grabbed a pot from the cabinet , .
the person grabbed a pot from the cabinet , .
the person filled a pot half-way with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person cleaned the spilled water off the counter .
the person poured a small amount of pasta and oil into the pot .
the person strained the pasta .
the person placed the pasta onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person took pasta , oil and sauce from the cabinet .
the person put the sauce back .
the person put oil and pasta in the pot .
the person cooked the pasta .
the person drained the pasta in the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person heated water with salt and oil .
the person boiled pasta in the water .
the person drained the cooked pasta .
the person placed the cooked pasta on a plate .
the person added other ingredients .
the person boiled pasta .
the person used a strainer to drain the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person finished by cleaning up .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person sat the pot on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person added a spice and pasta to the water .
the person waited as the pasta cooked .
the person stirred the water a few times .
the pasta was done , the person strained the pasta .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person added pasta and olive to the water .
the person cooked the pasta .
the person tested the pasta .
the person poured the cooked pasta into a colander .
the person put the cooked and drained pasta onto a plate .
the person took out a pot .
the person put a pot to heat on the stove with water and seasoning .
the person poured pasta in the pot .
the person waited for the pasta to finish cooking .
the pasta was finished , the person strained the pasta .
the person poured the pasta onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person added seasoning , oil and pasta .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person drained the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
a young person entered a kitchen .
the person put water , salt and olive oil in a pot , .
the person heated the water on the stove .
the person added pasta .
the person waited for the pasta to cook , stirring occasionally .
the pasta was done , the person drained the pasta into a colander , .
the person rinsed the pasta with tap water , .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person added some spices .
the person took out pasta , sauce , and some olive oil .
the person boiled the pasta .
the pasta was finished , the person drained the pasta .
the person poured the pasta on the plate .
the person put water in a pot , .
the person added salt , oil and pasta .
the person stirred the pasta the pasta cooked .
the person poured the pasta into a colander in the sink .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person rinsed off the lid to the pot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put a pot a of water on the stove .
the person gathered the ingredients to cook pasta .
the person started cooking the pasta .
the person finished he put the pasta on a plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person added salt and oil to the water .
the person cooked some pasta in the water .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person plated the pasta .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person unwrapped a loaf of bread .
the person sliced a piece .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a loaf of bread .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person took the bread out of the package .
the person cut a slice of bread from the loaf .
the person took out a loaf of bread , plate , and knife .
the person used these items to cut a slice of bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread from a cabinet .
the person took out from a drawer a knife and a cutting board .
the person cut one slice of bread .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cupboard .
the person set the bread on a cutting board .
the person used serrated knife to slice off a piece of bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a loaf of wheat bread .
the person cut one slice from the loaf .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took bread out of the cabinet .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawers .
the person took the bread out of its wrapper .
the person cut off a slice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a loaf of bread .
the person gathered a cutting board and a bread knife .
the person carefully cut one slice of bread .
the person set the knife down .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person cut off a slice from a loaf of bread .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person removed some bread from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced a slice of bread from the loaf .
the person got a loaf of bread cabinet .
the person got a knife and a cutting board .
the person sliced the bread with the knife .
the person took a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person sliced off a piece from the loaf .
the person stopped slicing the bread that .
the person took bread out of the cabinet .
the person got a knife out of the drawer .
the person cut a thin slice of bread .
the person removed a whole loaf of bread from a cupboard .
the person chose a serrated bread knife from a drawer .
the person unwrapped the loaf .
the person cut a slice of bread from the loaf .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the refrigerator .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person sliced off one piece .
the person set his knife down .
the person stood by the counter .
the person took out bread .
the person placed the bread on the cutting board .
the person sliced one piece of bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the person acquired a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut a slice of the bread .
the person took a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person placed a loaf of bread on the counter .
the person took a cutting board and knife out .
the person unwrapped the bread .
the person sliced one slice off of the bread .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a loaf of bread , cutting board , and a knife .
the person opened the package of bread .
the person sliced one piece of the bread .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a loaf of bread from a cabinet .
the person obtained a cutting board and a knife from drawers under the countertop .
the person used the knife to cut a thin slice of bread .
the person took out a loaf of bread from the pantry , .
the person grabbed a cutting board and knife .
the person cut a slice of bread on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved two potatoes .
the person got a onion peeler and a knife .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes into cubes .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out two onions and two bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person cleaned the potatoes .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes into chunks .
the person put the potatoes in a bowl .
the person entered a kitchen area .
the person took out two potatoes , a small kitchen knife , a peeler and two stainless bowled .
the person started to peel the potatoes one by one .
the person opened the faucet to rinse the potatoes .
the person drained the water from the stainless bowl .
the person took the other stainless bowl with the onion skins in it .
the person threw away the onion skins .
the person proceeded cut the potatoes .
the person proceeded to rinse the peeler and small kitchen knife .
the person took out two potatoes , a knife and a peeler .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person put the skins into one bowl .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person threw the waste .
the person washed the bowl .
the person cut the potatoes into another bowl .
the person washed the knife and peeler .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person gathered two potatoes , a vegetable peeler , knife and two bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person discarded the peels in the garbage .
the person cut the potatoes into cubes .
the person washed the peeler and knife .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person took out two potatoes .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes into small pieces .
the person entered a kitchen area .
the person removed two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person placed the potatoes onto a preparation surface .
the person proceeded to remove a peeler , a knife and two bowled from the drawers underneath .
the person proceeded to peel the potatoes .
the person rinsed both potatoes .
the person finished , he rinsed the utensils off in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out two potatoes from the cabinets .
with a peeler and knife the person took from the drawer he peeled the potatoes .
the person trimmed the potatoes .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person diced the potatoes into large cubes .
the person cleaned the peeler and knife in the sink .
the person placed two potatoes on the counter .
the person got out a knife , potato peeler , and two bowled .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person rinsed the potatoes off .
the person sliced up the rinsed peeled potatoes .
the person took out two potatoes from the cabinet .
the person peeled both potatoes , .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person sliced the potatoes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two potatoes out of the cupboard .
the person got a peeler , a paring knife , and two small bowled out of the drawers to the sink .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person rinsed the potatoes , .
the person discarded the peels .
the person cut the potatoes into large chunks .
the person rinsed off the utensils .
the person peeled potatoes in a bowl .
the person chopped the potatoes in another bowl .
the person cleaned up between and doing so .
the person peeled two potatoes .
the person rinsed the potatoes .
the person dumped the potato skins in the trash .
the person diced the potatoes into large chunks .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out two onions .
the person took out a knife and vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the onions .
the person cut the onions .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two potatoes out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the potatoes into a bowl .
the person cut the peeled potatoes into pieces .
the person put the pieces into a separate bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a knife , peeler , two bowled and two potatoes .
the person peeled both potatoes .
the person removed the eyes with a knife .
the person washed the potatoes , .
the person sliced the potatoes into large chunks .
the person took two potatoes out from the pantry .
the person also took out some bowled , a knife , and a vegetable peeler .
the person peeled the potatoes .
the person disposed of the skins .
the person cut the potatoes into large pieces .
the person rinsed off his knife and peeler .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took two potatoes , a knife , peeler and two bowl .
the person cleaned two potatoes .
the person diced the potatoes .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person selected an onion from a pantry cupboard .
the person cleaned an onion .
expertly sliced an onion .
the person proceeded to fry the sliced onion in oil he cleaned his preparation instruments .
the person added a white spice taken from a spice rack .
the person served the onions on a white plate .
the person finished by washing all his cooking instruments .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person chopped an onion .
the person cooked an onion in a pan with olive oil and seasonings .
the person cleaned his cooking utensils and left .
the person took out an onion .
the person cut the onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person sauteed the onion in a skillet .
the person peeled a small onion .
the person chopped a small onion .
the person placed the chopped onion in an oiled pan .
the person cooked the chopped onion on the stove .
the person placed the cooked onion onto a plate .
the person cleaned up the kitchen he was done cooking .
the person peeled a vegetable .
the person chopped a vegetable .
the person put the vegetable on a skillet .
the person cooked the vegetable in oil .
the person cleaned up all of his mess .
the person put the cooked vegetables on the plate .
the person cleaned his skillet .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out acutting board and an onion .
the person sliced the onion .
the person placed the onion into a skillet with olive oil .
the person sauteed the onion .
the person added seasoning .
the person washed his dishes .
the person peeled an onion .
the person diced an onion on a cutting board .
the person cooked the onions in a frying pan with some seasoning .
the person washed the cutting board , the pan and spoon .
the person came into the kitchen to fry an onion .
the person got the ingredients .
the person fried the onion .
the person was finished he put the onions in a dish .
the person cleaned the utensils .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person diced some onions on a chopping board .
the person transferred the onions unto a skillet .
the person cooked the onions for a .
the person proceeded to transfer the onions unto a saucer .
the person was done , he washed his utensils in the sink .
the person peeled a small onion .
the person sliced a small onion .
the person fried the onion with a small amount of oil .
once the onion was golden , the person put it on a dish .
the person cleaned the pan and wooden spatula .
the person got a onion from a cabinet .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person sauteed the onion .
the person put the onion on a small plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired an cutting board , knife , onion and pan .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person sauteed the onion in the pan with some oil and salt .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , a knife and an onion .
the person chopped the onion .
the person put the onion in a pan with some olive oil .
the person cooked the onion until it was brown .
the person put the onion on a plate .
the person washed his utensils .
the person peeled an onion .
the person chopped an onion .
the person sauteed the onions for several minutes .
the person put the onions on a small plate .
the person cut up vegetables into very small pieces .
the person put the pieces of vegetables in a pan with oil on the stove .
the person scooped the vegetables onto a plate .
the person rinsed his pan and spoon out in the sink .
the person came into kitchen made onion into pieces .
the person burned the pan .
the person fried the onions .
the person cleaned the things .
the person cleaned his hand with cloth .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person took out and onion .
the person peeled the skin off .
the person put a pan on the stove .
the person added onions and olive oil to a pan .
the person sauteed the onions .
the person put the onions on a plate .
the person peeled an onion with a knife .
the person sliced the onion .
the person sauteed the onion in a frying pan .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person chopped up an onion .
the person poured olive oil into a skillet .
the person cooked the onion .
the person got out a plate .
the person placed the onions on a plate .
the person cleaned up he was done .
the person put water , salt and pasta in a pot .
the person put the pasta in the colander .
the person rinsed the pasta under the faucet .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on the stove .
the person added some pasta to the pot .
the person strained the pasta .
the person placed the pasta onto the plate .
the person took out a pot and pasta .
the person boiled the pasta .
the person emptied the pasta onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person placed the pasta onto the plate .
the person placed pasta into a pot of cooking water .
the person cooked the pasta in the pot .
the person strained the cooked pasta .
the person placed the pasta into a bowl .
the gentleman boiled water .
the person added pasta .
the person drained the water from the pasta in the strainer .
the person poured the pasta onto his place .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person warmed the water on the stove .
the person added pasta the water was hot .
the person salted the pasta .
the person stirred the pasta .
the pasta was done , the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a serving plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put a pot of water on to boil .
the person took out a bag of pasta .
the person took out a plate and a colander .
the person put some pasta in the pot .
the person stirred the pasta until the pasta was done .
the person drained the pasta in the colander .
the person put the pasta in in the plate .
the person filled a pot of water .
the person put a pot of water on the stove to boil the water .
the person drained the pasta and water .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person took out a pot , .
the person put some water in a pot .
the person put the pot of water on the stove to cook .
the person got some pasta .
the person opened the cabinet , .
the person got a plate .
the person took out a strainer .
the water got hot the person put in the pasta , .
the person salted the pasta , .
the person stirred the pasta frequently .
the person drained the cooked pasta .
the person put the cooked pasta on the plate .
the person boiled some water .
the person cooked some pasta in the water .
the person drained the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pot , a plate and a bag of pasta .
the person filled the pot with water and pasta .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added seasoning .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the pasta was done the person drained the pasta .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person boiled water .
the person put in the pasta .
the pasta was boiled , the person drained the water from the pasta .
the person plated the pasta .
the person boiled some pasta .
the person used a strainer to drain the water off of the pasta .
the person dumped the boiled pasta onto a dish .
the person boiled water .
the person cooked pasta in the water .
the person frequently stirred the cooking pasta .
the person rinsed the cooked pasta .
the person put the cooked pasta on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person started some boiling water .
the person poured some pasta in the boiling water .
the person cooked some pasta .
the person poured the pasta in a strainer .
the person drained the water .
the person put the pasta on the plate .
the person boiled water .
the person cooked pasta .
the person strained the pasta in the sink .
the person served the pasta on a plate .
the person drained the cooked pasta in a colander .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person put the water on the stove for boiling .
the person cooked the pasta in the boiling water .
the person mixed the salt with the pasta .
the person served the hot pasta on the plate .
the person got a pot from the drawer .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person got pasta from the cabinet .
the person cooked the pasta in the water .
the person drained the pasta in a strainer .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person washed some beans .
the person cut the ens from the beans .
the person sliced the beans .
the person got beans from the fridge .
the person washed the beans .
the person sliced the beans .
the person sliced the beans .
the person put the beans on a plate .
the person took out beans .
the person washed the beans .
the person cut the beans .
the person placed the cut beans onto a plate .
the person rinsed off some beans .
the person cut the ends off all of some beans .
the person sliced some beans into small pieces .
the person put the small pieces on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took green beans out of the refrigerator .
the person cleaned the green beans .
the person chopped the green beans .
the person gathered up the chopped green beans .
the person put the chopped green beans on a plate .
the person walked in the kitchen , .
the person took out what he needed to chop some beans .
the person rinsed the beans .
the person placed the beans on the cutting board .
the person chopped the beans , .
the person placed the beans on a plate .
the person removed cooking equipment from various cabinets and drawers .
the person selected vegetables from the refrigerator , .
the person prepared said vegetables through washing and cutting .
the person took a plate from the cabinet .
the person transferred the vegetables into the plate .
the person selected the long , flat beans .
rinsed long , flat beans .
the person chopped off the ends of the beans .
the person chopped the beans .
the person put the beans into a shallow bowl .
the person came in .
the person retrieved two packages from the fridge .
the person rinsed the beans from the packages .
the person prepared the beans from the packages .
the person chopped the beans all .
the person put the beans on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , knife and bowl .
the person got some snap peas from the fridge .
the person sliced some snap peas into small pieces .
the person transferred the pieces onto a clean plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , knife and bowl .
the person got some snap peas from the fridge .
the person sliced some snap peas .
the person sliced the snap peas .
the person put some snap peas on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , bowl and green beans .
the person placed a handful of beans into the bowl .
the person washed the green beans .
the person cut the stemmed off the beans , .
the person chopped the beans up into small segments .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person removed beans from the refrigerator .
the person washed the beans in the sink .
the person sliced the beans into pieces .
the person placed these pieces onto a plate .
the person waked into the kitchen .
the person got out some beans .
the person rinsed off the beans , .
the person prepared the beans .
the person placed the prepared beans on a plate .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took a pack of beans from fridge .
the person washed the beans .
the person chopped the beans .
the person took a plate from the cupboard .
the person washed a plate .
the person moved the chopped beans from cutting board to the plate .
the person walked into his kitchen .
the person selected through the good pieces that he wanted .
the person put the rest aside .
the person prepared the vegetables by washing the vegetables and cutting the end pieces off .
the person chopped the vegetable into bit size pieces .
plate the vegetable .
the person took out beans and supplies from the drawers .
the person cut off the tips .
the person chopped the bean pods .
the person took out a plate .
the person placed the chopped beans onto a plate .
the person took some beans from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed some beans in a bowl in the sink .
the person cut off the ends , .
the person chopped the beans into small pieces , .
the person placed the small pieces onto a plate .
the person put the vegetables in a bowl .
the person used a knife to dice large bean pods on a cutting board .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person took green beans out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the beans , .
the person trimmed the beans , .
the person chopped up the beans .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , bowl , and beans .
the person prepared the beans by washing the beans .
the person cut of the beans ended .
the person diced the beans , .
the person placed the beans on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed bread .
the person placed the bread in the toaster to toast .
the person removed the toasted bread from the toaster .
the person placed the toasted bread on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person took two slices from the loaf .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person put the bread in .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person walked out of the kitchen .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person grabbed bread .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person removed the toasted bread .
the person placed the toasted bread on a plate .
the person took two slices of bread from a cabinet .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person placed the bread inside .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person left the room .
the person took a package of bread and a plate out the cabinet .
the person put a package of bread and a plate on the counter .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the bread popped up .
the person put the bread on the plate .
the person walked out .
the made got bread to make toast .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person started toasting the bread .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person retrieved the toast .
the person located a plate .
the person took a plate out of a cabinet .
the person removed two slices of bread from a loaf .
the person plugged in a toaster .
the person waited for the bread to toast .
the person moved the toaster .
the person lifted the toaster .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person took out a plate and two slices of bread .
the person put two slices of bread on the plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person put the two slices in the toaster .
the person put the rest of the bread back in the cabinet .
the person put the toasted bread on the plate .
the person walked out of the room .
the person took two slices of bread from a loaf .
the person put two slices of bread on a plate .
the person went to the toaster , .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person adjusted the settings , .
the person put the bread in .
a long wait .
more fiddling with the settings , .
the toast finished .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person put the toaster back in it was corner of the counter , .
the person put the toast back onto the plate , .
left .
the person placed two slices of bread into a toaster .
the person pressed the toaster lever down .
the toaster heated the bread .
the person toasted the bread .
the person removed the toasted bread slices from the toaster .
the person placed the toasted bread slices onto a plate .
the person put bread into a toaster .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person left the kitchen .
the young person grabbed two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread in the toaster .
the young person waited approximately two minutes for the toaster operation to complete .
the person grabbed some pieces of bread .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person toasted the pieces on bread .
a put the rest away .
the person placed the toast on a plate .
the person exited the room .
the person took a bag of bread out of the pantry .
the person took two slices of bread out of the bag .
the person put the slices of bread in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person got out some bread .
the person placed two slices of bread on a plate .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread , .
the person placed the bread back on his plate .
a young person went into the kitchen .
the person took out some bread .
the person put the bread slices in the toaster to cook .
the toast popped , .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person left the room .
the person got bread and a plate out .
the person put two pieces of bread in the toaster .
the person put the toast on the plate the toast was done .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person toasted two pieces of bread .
the person placed two pieces of bread on a plate .
the person took out a loaf of bread and a plate .
the person put two slices of bread in a toaster .
the person toasted two slices of bread .
the person placed two slices of bread on the plate .
the person carried the plate away .
the person got some bread from a fridge .
the person put the bread in a toaster .
the person put the toasted bread on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person peeled the onion using a knife .
the person sliced the onion on the cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person removed a plate from the cabinet .
the person removed a cutting board from the drawer .
the person sliced up the onion on the cutting board .
the person opened the cabinet .
the person opened the pantry .
the person got out an onion .
the person got a small plate .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person got out a cutting board , a knife .
the person peeled the onion .
the person chopped the onion .
the person put the onion on a plate .
the person prepared his work area .
the person chopped an onion .
the person threw away the onion peeled .
the person gathered an onion .
the person peeled the onion with a knife .
the person chopped the onion on a cutting board .
the person placed the chopped onion on a plate .
the person got an onion from a fridge .
the person diced the onion with a knife .
the person put the diced onions on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed an onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person chopped the onion .
the person finished cutting the onion , .
the person poured the onion into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion from the cabinet .
the person peeled the onion with the knife .
the person diced the onion .
the person put the diced onion on the plate .
the person discarded the peelings in the bin .
the person took out a plate , onion , cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the onion with the knife .
the person cut the onion on the cutting board .
the person put the onion pieces on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion , plate , knife and cutting board .
the person used the knife to remove the skin .
the person chopped the onion .
the person put the onion on the plate .
the person threw away the skin .
the person grabbed a plate and onion from the pantry .
the person peeled the skin off the onion .
the person chopped the onion into small pieces .
the person brushed the pieces into the bowl .
the person tossed the skin into the trash .
the person removed the onion .
plate from the cabinet .
the person removed the the cutting board and the knife .
the person went to peel an onion .
the person cut the onion up .
the person placed the onion peelings in the trash .
the person peeled an onion .
the person sliced the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person grabbed an onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person put in on a cutting board .
the person diced the onion .
the person grabbed the peelings .
the person threw the peelings in the garbage .
the person removed the skin from the onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person chopped each half of the onion .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out an onion .
the person took out a plate , a cutting board and a knife .
the person peeled an onion .
the person chopped an onion .
the person put an onion onto the plate .
the person got out a plate , an onion , a knife and a cutting board .
the person cut off the ends .
the person peeled the onion , .
the person chopped the onion .
the person put the onion on a plate .
the person discarded the trash .
the person got an onion out in the kitchen .
the person peeled the onion .
the person cut the onion into small pieces .
the person put the onion on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person got out an onion , plate , cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the onion .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person chopped up the onion .
the person put the onion on the plate .
the person put the peeling in the garbage .
the person took out an onion and a cutting board .
the person peeled the onion .
the person cut the onion .
the person placed the onion pieces onto a plate .
the person took out two cups from the shelf .
the person took out an egg from the fridge .
the person collected egg white into one cup and the yolk into the other .
the person threw the waste .
the person washed his hands .
the person got two coffee cups from the cupboard .
the person set two coffee cups on the table .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the egg white into another cup .
the person dumped the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person threw the egg shells in the trash .
the person rinsed his hands with water .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two coffee mugs .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person strained the egg white into one mug .
the yolk into the other .
the person cracked an egg .
the person put the white into a cup .
the person put the yolk in another cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out two containers .
the person placed two containers on the counter .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person took out an egg .
the person walked back to the containers .
the person cracked the eggs into the containers .
the person stepped over to the sink .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out two cups and an egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the egg-yolk and egg-white .
the person got two cups from the cabinet .
the person set two cups down .
the person grabbed two eggs from the fridge , .
the person separated the egg white and egg yolk into the cups .
the person threw away the egg shells .
the person washed his hands .
the person cracked an egg over a cup .
the person separated the yolk from the white .
the person put the yolk into another cup .
the person cracked an egg on the countertop .
the person poured the egg white and yolk between the two halves of the shell until they were separate .
the person let the egg white fall into one cup , .
the person poured the yolk into a second cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved mugs as well as an egg from the refrigerator .
the person proceeded to crack the egg .
separate the egg white and egg yolk .
the person discarded the egg shells .
the person washed his hands .
the person got two cups from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person separated the egg white into one cup .
the person placed the whites in one cup .
the person separated the egg yolk into one cup .
the person took out two glasses .
the person cracked a brown egg .
the person placed the egg yolk in the cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed two mugs out of the cupboard .
the person got an egg , .
the person cracked an egg .
the person separated the yolk and white into the mugs .
the person threw away the shell .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed two cups on the counter .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person drained the white of the egg into one cup , .
the person placed the yolk in the other .
the person tossed the shell in the trash can .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person took two small white bowled out of a cabinet .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person cracked an egg on the edge of the counter .
the person separated the egg whites in one bowl .
the yolk in the other .
the person threw away the egg shells .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got two cups from the cabinet .
the person got an egg .
the person separated the yolk and white into the two bowled .
the person threw away the shell .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained two cups and an egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the yolk and whites into the two cups .
the person discarded the egg shells .
the person took out two cups and an egg .
the person cracked the egg open .
carefully poured the contents back and forth .
the person separated the egg white into one cup , and the egg yolk into the other .
the person threw away the eggshells .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got two mugs out of the cabinet .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person separated an egg into the mugs .
the person threw out the shell .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took two cups from the cabinet .
the person brought an egg from the refrigerator .
the person separated the egg .
the person placed the whites in one cup .
the person put the yolk in the other .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a carrot , peeler , knife and cutting board .
the person washed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler from a drawer .
the person peeled the carrot with a peeler .
the person diced the carrot on a cutting board .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the carrot using a peeler .
the person peeled the carrot using a peeler .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person rinsed the carrot in the sink .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into slices .
the person got a carrot out of the fridge .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped up the carrot .
the person washed .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person cut off a bit off both the ends .
the person cut up the carrot into three to five millimeter thick discs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a carrot .
the person washed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into pieces .
the person got a carrot from a refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrot with a vegetable peeler .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person took out a carrot and cutting board .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot into pieces .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person removed a cutting board and utensils from the drawer .
the person removed a cutting board and utensils from the drawer .
the person diced the carrot .
the person retrieved a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the top off of carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into slices .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person chopped up the carrot on a cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person used a peeler to peel the carrot .
the person used a cutting board and knife to chop the carrot into small pieces .
the person took a carrot from the kitchen .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut off the stem .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot into small pieces .
first , the person placed a carrot , a peeler , a knife and a cutting board on the kitchen platform .
the person washed the carrot .
the person proceeded to peel the skin off the carrot .
the person cut off both the top and bottom ends of the carrot .
the person cut the carrot in to small pieces horizontally .
the person grabbed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person cut off the stem .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut off both ends .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut off the ends of the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot into smaller pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed off the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person got a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person removed a carrot from a fridge .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into multiple pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a leek , knife , cutting board and pan .
the person diced the leek .
sauteed the leek in the pan .
the person plated the leek .
the person took a leek out of the fridge .
the person rinsed a leek off .
the person peeled off the outer leaves .
the person cut the leek in half .
the person sliced up both the part he cut off , and part of the original leek into rings .
the person heated up a pan with oil , .
the person added the leek .
the person cooked the leek down , .
the person put the leek on a plate .
the person took out a leek and cutting board .
the person cut the leek into thin slices .
the person cooked the thin slices in a skillet .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a leek .
the person cut the leek up .
the person prepared a pan to cook the leek .
the person cooked the leek .
the person put the leek on a plate .
the person arrived in a kitchen .
the person cut away the leaves and root of a leek plant .
the person sliced up most of the plant .
the person cooked the leek in oil in a pan .
the person got leeks from a fridge .
the person chopped the leek on a cutting board .
the person sauteed the leek in a frying pan .
the person put the cooked leeks on a plate .
the person rinsed the leeks .
the person chopped leeks .
the person fried the leeks in a pan with olive oil .
the person scooped the leeks onto a plate .
the person sliced a leek .
the person placed the slices in a pan .
the person placed the cooked slices of leek on a plate .
person chopped leeks .
the person sauteed the leeks in a frying pan .
the person put the leeks onto a plate .
the person pulled out a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person pulled out a leek from the refrigerator , .
the person chopped a leek up on the chopping board .
the person placed the leek into a skillet , .
the person cooked the leek .
the person peeled the leek .
the person chopped some leek .
the person sauteed the leek in a skillet with some wine .
the person plated the leek .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got leeks from the refrigerator .
the person cleaned the leeks , .
the person diced the leeks .
the person cooked the leeks .
the person got a plate from the cupboard .
the person put the leeks on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a leek from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to chop the leek .
the person cooked the chopped leek in a pan with olive oil .
the person took a leek out from the fridge .
the person sliced the leek into small pieces .
the person cooked the leek pieces .
the person put the cooked leek onto the plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person gathered the items needed to slice leeks .
the person slice the leeks .
the person cooked the leeks in oil .
the person served the leeks on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board and knife from the drawer .
the person took a leek from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a leek in the seek .
the person cleaned the leek .
the person trimmed the leek .
the person diced the leek white and pale green in to fine slices .
the person sauteed the leeks in a skillet with a little oil .
the person placed the leeks on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person washed a green onion , .
the person sliced a green onion .
the person put a frying pan on the stove , .
the person heated a small amount of olive oil , .
evenly sauteed the onion slices for a few minutes .
the person put the onion slices on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced the leek into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person cooked the leek using a frying pan .
the person placed the cooked leek onto the white plate .
the person cleaned a leek .
the person removed the dead stalks from a leek .
the person cut the white of the leek into slices .
the person cooked the slices in an oiled pan on the stove .
the person placed the cooked slices of leek onto a plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got some took out the cutting board and knife .
the person got leeks out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the leeks up on the cutting board .
the person put the leek in a pot with olive oil .
sauteed the leek .
they were done , the person put the leeks on a plat .
the person got an avocado out .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person cut the flesh out of an avocado .
the person began grating an avocado .
the used a spoon to mush an avocado all up .
the person removed an avocado from the fridge .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person placed the avocado on a plate .
the person seasoned the avocado .
the person graded the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado with a fork .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got an avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person added salt and pepper .
the person grated the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , plate , fork and grater .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the avocado , .
the person sliced the avocado , .
the person grated the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado .
the person put the mashed avocado on a plate .
the person placed an avocado , a cutting board , a knife , a fork , and plate on the counter .
the person washed the avocado in the sink .
the person peeled the avocado with the knife .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person removed the core .
the person used a grater to finely grate the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado into a paste with the fork .
seasoned a paste .
the person entered a kitchen , .
the person took out an avocado , cutting board , knife and plate .
the person washed the avocado .
the person peeled the avocado , .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person grated the avocado using a grater , .
the person mashed the avocado together with salt and pepper .
the person took out the avocado .
the person rinsed the avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person cut the skin off the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado into pieces .
the person mashed the avocado .
the chef washed an avocado .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person sliced an avocado .
the person added salt and pepper .
the person grated the sliced avocado with a zester .
the person fluffed the grated avocado .
the person mashed the grated avocado with a fork .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado .
the person grated the avocado using a grater .
the person mashed the avocado using a fork .
the person took out an avocado and cutting board .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person cut the avocado .
the person grated the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person sliced the avocado into pieces .
the person grated these slices onto the plate .
the person mashed the avocado with a fork .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person cut up an avocado .
the person used a grater to grate an avocado into a pulp .
the person was able to mix an avocado smoothly with a fork .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person cut an avocado in slices .
the person put salt and pepper on the slices .
the person grated each slice .
the person mashed the avocado using a fork .
the person got a avocado from a fridge .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person cut the avocado .
the person grated the avocado with a hand grater .
the person mashed the avocado with a fork .
the person rinsed an avocado , .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person sliced an avocado .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person seasoned the slices with salt and pepper .
the person grated the avocado by hand .
the person mashed the avocado with a fork .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person sliced the flesh off the pit , .
the person grated the avocado .
the person had grated all the slices , .
the person used a fork to mash the avocado further .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person cut an avocado .
the person seasoned the avocado .
the person used a fork and a grater to mash the avocado .
the person added a little more season .
the person put the spices back on the rack .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person cut the avocado from the seed .
the person grated the avocado .
the person seasoned the avocado .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put a cutting board and knife onto the counter .
the person brought an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed an avocado in the sink .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person removed the pit .
the person grated the avocado .
the person mashed the avocado on a plate with some spices .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person took one carrot off the bunch .
the person peeled one carrot .
the person cut one carrot .
the person put the cut carrot into a bowl .
the person returned the rest to the refrigerator .
the person took some carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person removed one from the bunch .
the person rinsed one from the bunch .
the person peeled the carrot over a cutting board .
the person threw away the peels .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person put the slices into a bowl .
the person returned the remaining carrots to the refrigerator .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out some carrots .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed off the carrot , .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot up .
the person placed the prepared carrot in a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a carrot bunch from the refrigerator .
the person cut one carrot away from the bunch .
the person cleaned one carrot .
the person trimmed one carrot .
the person diced the carrot .
the person placed the diced into a small bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board , peeler , knife , and bowl .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person threw away the peels .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person put the pieces in a bowl .
the person took a bunch of carrots out of the fridge , .
the person cut one carrot loose from the bunch .
the person rinsed the carrot , .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person disposed of the peels , .
the person cut the carrot into pieces .
the person moved the pieces into a bowl .
the person put the rest of the bunch of carrots into the fridge .
the person got some carrots out of the fridge .
the person cut one off .
the person washed some carrots in the sink .
the person got a peeler .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person fetched a bundle of carrots from the refrigerator .
the person peeled one of the carrots .
the person threw his waste into the trash .
roughly chopped one of the carrots .
the person set the bundle back into the refrigerator .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a bushel of carrots , a knife , cutting board , and bowl .
the person took one carrot .
the person washed one carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person put the slices into the bowl .
the person got a carrot from the fridge .
the person peeled the carrot with a vegetable peeler .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person put the carrot on a plate .
the person took out a carrot and cutting board .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot .
the person moved the diced carrot to a plate .
the person pulled out carrots out of the fridge .
sh rinsed one carrot .
the person peeled one carrot .
the person placed the rest back in the fridge .
the person took a carrot from the fridge .
the person washed a carrot .
the person chopped a carrot .
the person put the chopped one on a plate .
the rest back in the fridge .
the person took carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person washed one .
the person chopped the carrots into pieces .
the person placed those pieces into a bowl .
the person took carrots and cutting utensils out of their respective places .
the person washed the carrot .
the person cut the carrot .
the person put the carrot into a bowl .
the person put the carrots back in the fridge .
the person got a carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person took out carrots from the fridge .
the person took out knife , cutting board and a bowl .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a bunch of carrots .
the person cut one free from the bunch .
the person peeled a bunch of carrots .
the person sliced the carrot .
the person put the carrot in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved bunch of carrots .
the person got out a knife , cutting board and bowl .
the person cut a single carrot from the bunch .
the person washed a carrot .
an peeled a carrot .
the person cut a single carrot .
the person placed a single carrot in a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a bunch of carrots , a knife and a cutting board .
the person cut a carrot off of the bunch .
the person washed a carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person trimmed a carrot .
the person cut the carrot into chunks .
the person put the carrot chunks into the bowl .
the person put the rest of the bunch away .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , and a handful of green herbs from a plant .
the person washed the herbs , .
the person sliced the herbs thinly with the knife .
the person took out a cutting board and knife .
the person pulled a bunch of leaves off of a plant .
the person chopped a bunch of leaves .
the person put the plant in the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and cutting board out of the drawer .
the person pulled some stalks off of a potted herb .
the person cleaned the herb .
the person diced the herb on the cutting board .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person set a knife and cutting board on the counter , .
the person pulled a handful of chives off of a plant on the counter .
the person sliced up the chives .
the person threw away the waste .
the person put the chive plant back into the refrigerator .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the table .
the person pulled herbs out of a pot , .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs with the knife .
the person placed the pot back in the refrigerator .
the person took a knife and wooden cutting board from drawers .
the person twisted off a handful of shoots from a small pot of chives , .
the person rinsed the shoots in the sink .
the person chopped the chives on the cutting board , .
the person put the pot of chives in the the refrigerator .
the person in a kitchen retrieved a knife and chopping board from the drawer and cabinet respectively .
the person grabbed a handful of herbs from a potted plant .
the person washed the herbs .
the person chopped up the herbs using the knife and chopping board .
the person grabbed a knife and cutting board .
the person placed a knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person walked over to a plant .
the person grabbed some herbs to begin preparing them .
the person rinsed the fresh chives .
the person washed and cleaning the herbs , .
the person aligned the herbs on the wooden cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs finely .
the person discarded the leftovers , .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person tore some herbs off an herb plant .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person sliced the herbs .
the person put the plant in the fridge .
the person removed some stalks of what appeared to be chives .
the person chopped the chives finely .
the person threw away any leaves .
the person put the plant back into the refrigerator .
the person took a cutting board and knife from drawers below the counter .
the person tore some fresh chives from a plant to the sink .
the person rinsed the fresh chives .
the person diced the fresh chives .
the person put the plant into the refrigerator .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person picked herbs from a plant .
the person chopped the herbs on the cutting board .
the person pulled out a knife and cutting board .
the person twisted a handful of herbs out of a pot .
the person chopped the herbs up on the cutting board .
the person put the pot of herbs back in the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person grabbed herbs .
the person began chopping the herbs .
the person finished chopping the herbs .
the person put the remaining herbs away .
the person took out herbs and a cutting board .
the person diced the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the extra herbs away .
the person in the kitchen took knife and a plate from drawer .
the person kept the knife and a plate on kitchen platform .
the person took spring onion leaved .
the person cut the spring onion leaved into pieces .
the person kept remaining leaved into the fridge .
the person got out a cutting board and a knife .
the person tore some chives off of an indoor plant .
the person diced the chives .
the person diced green vegetables on a cutting board .
the person placed the extra vegetables in the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person got some chives .
the person sliced the chives on the cutting board .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person took some beans .
the person washed the beans .
the person cut the beans .
the person threw the waste into dustbin .
the person put the remaining beans in the fridge .
the person took out a pot and pasta .
the person cooked the pasta .
the person put the pasta into a bowl .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person gathered supplies to make pasta .
the person added noddles and water to a pot .
the person placed the noddles and water on the stove .
the person waited for the pasta to be done , .
the person fiddled with the pot .
the person washed his hands , .
the pot began to boil over .
the person poured the pasta out into a colander , into a bowl .
the took a pot .
the person put some pasta in a pot .
the person put water in the pasta , .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person salted the pasta .
the person let the pasta cook .
the person got a strainer out .
the person drained the cooked pasta .
the person put the pasta in a bowl .
the person boiled pasta .
the person put some salt in the pasta .
the person strained the pasta .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person put the pot back on the shelf .
the person gathered what he needed to make dinner .
the person cooked pasta on the stove .
the person washed the dishes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person added some pasta to a pot with some water .
the person boiled the pasta .
the person drained the pasta in a colander .
the person put the pasta in the bowl .
the person cleaned his utensils .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person took out a pot .
the person took out a bag of pasta .
the person put some into the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove to boil .
the person added salt .
the person took out a colander and bowl .
the person drained the cooked pasta in the colander .
the person put the cooked pasta into the bowl .
the person got a pot from a cabinet .
the person put pasta and water in the pot .
the person cooked the pasta on a stove .
the person put the cooked pasta in a bowl .
the person cooked some pasta in a pot .
the person drained the pasta .
the person placed the pasta in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person began to cook pasta .
the person added the pasta and water into a pot .
an put a pot on the stove to cook .
the person cleaned the pot .
the person put the pot away .
the person obtained a pot , a pasta package , a strainer , and a bowl .
the person placed the pasta and some water into the pot .
the person heated the pasta and some water .
the person removed the pasta into a strainer .
the person drained water through a strainer .
the person removed the pasta into a bowl , .
the person cleaned up the area .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cooked pasta using a pot of water .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took a pot from under the stove and pasta from the cupboard .
the person put some pasta in the pot , .
the person put in some water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person cooked the pasta covered .
the person strained the pasta in a colander .
the person placed the pasta in a bowl .
the person cleaned up his utensils .
the person took out a pan with a lid .
the person added pasta .
the person put water in the pan .
the person put the pan on the stove .
the person poured the pasta into a colander .
the person put the pasta in a bowl .
the person poured pasta into a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put on in the stove .
the person strained the pasta .
the person placed the pasta in the bowl .
the person boiled some pasta over a burner .
the person seasoned the pasta with salt .
the person put the pasta in a bowl .
the person washed his dishes .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took pot from a drawer .
the person walked to a cupboard .
the person took out a bag of pasta .
the person cooked the pasta in the water .
seasoned the pasta with salt .
the person walked into the kitchen to cook pasta .
the person poured pasta into a pot .
put water in the pot .
the person put the pot on the stove .
the person added salt .
the water boiled , .
the person drained the water .
the person poured the pasta into a bowl .
the person put pasta and water in a pot .
the person added something from the cabinet .
the person poured the pasta in the colander .
the person put the pasta in a bowl .
the person rinsed out the colander and pot with lid .
the person put the colander and pot with lid up .
the person diced up two potatoes .
the person put two potatoes on to boil for a few minutes .
the person got out a frying pan .
the person added a small amount of olive oil to the frying pan .
the person added the potatoes .
the person added several seasoning to the potatoes as he continued to cook the potatoes to a golden brown .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person served up the potatoes for a tasty snack .
the person chopped up two full potatoes .
the person boiled the potatoes for a .
before seasoning the potatoes .
the person fried the potatoes on a skillet .
the person put the cooked potatoes into a dish .
the person diced potatoes .
the person boiled the potatoes in the pot .
the person fried the potatoes in oil in skillet .
the person served the potatoes .
the person washed the pots .
the person diced potatoes .
the person blanched the potatoes in a stock pot .
the person strained the potatoes in a sink .
the person fried the potatoes in a frying pan .
the person pulled out two potatoes .
the person got knife and a cutting board .
the person put the knife and cutting board on the counter .
the person cut each half in chunks .
the person walked into a kitchen .
cuts up all the potatoes into a bowl of water .
boils the potatoes for a min .
fries the potatoes on a pan .
the person sliced some potatoes .
the person added some seasoning .
the person boiled the potatoes briefly in a saucepan on the stove .
the potatoes cooked a little , the person drained the water from the sauce pan .
the person dumped the potatoes into a frying pan with some oil and more spices .
the person continually stirred the potatoes they were cooking .
the potatoes were done , the person put them in a bowl to eat .
there was the person who cut two potatoes into the small pieces .
firstly the person boiled the potatoes in the pan , .
the person fried the potatoes into the pan with some spices and salt , .
the person kept the potatoes into the white bowl .
the person washed two potatoes .
the person chopped up two potatoes .
the person added water to the potatoes , .
the person put the potatoes in a pot , .
the person let the potatoes steam for a few minutes .
the person put the potatoes in a pan with seasoning .
the person let the potatoes fry .
the person served the potatoes in a bowl .
the person cut it into cubes .
the person poured the meal into a bowl .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person washed the potatoes .
the person cut potatoes on a cutting board .
the person boiled the potatoes .
the person cooked the potatoes in a frying pan .
the person added seasonings .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a potato from the cabinet .
the person brought out a knife , cutting board and bowl from the drawer .
the person diced the potatoes .
the person cooked the diced in seasoned water in a pot .
the person sauteed the diced in a skillet with a little oil .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person poured the cooked potatoes into a serving bowl .
the person washed two small potatoes .
the person cubed two small potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes in a medium pot with water and salt , .
the person cooked the potatoes for two minutes .
the person drained the potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes in a frying pan coated with cooking oil .
the person added salt , pepper , chili powder , and more oil to the potatoes constantly stirring for five minutes .
the person cleaned the pot and the frying pan .
the person put the browned potatoes in a bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person washed two potatoes , .
the person diced two potatoes .
the person boiled two potatoes .
the person placed the potatoes into a frying pan with some olive oil and several spices , .
sauteed the potatoes .
once the potatoes were finished , the person placed the potatoes into a bowl .
the person washed the dishes .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got some potatoes .
the person cut the potato up .
the person started to boil the potatoes .
the person changed his mind and fried the potatoes in a skillet instead .
the person put the potatoes in a bowl .
the person took out potatoes .
the person cut the potatoes .
the person boiled the potatoes .
the person finished cooking the potatoes in a skillet .
the person put the finished potatoes in a bowl .
the person cut the potatoes into small pieces .
the person boiled the potatoes .
the person pan fried the boiled potatoes .
the person cleaned up the pot and pan .
the person took out a potato and a cutting board .
the person cut the potato into small pieces .
the person cooked the potato in a skillet .
the person diced a potato .
the person boiled a potato in a stock pot .
the person fried a potato in a frying pan .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got a sack of oranges from the refrigerator .
the person took one of the oranges .
the person peeled of the skin with the help of a knife .
the person pulled the orange into parts .
the person threw away the skin .
the person got an orange .
the person cleaned the orange , .
the person peeled the orange .
the person made the orange into sections , .
the person arranged the sections on a plate .
the person took out an orange and a plate .
the person peeled the orange on the plate .
the person pulled the orange apart into several pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an orange , knife , and plate .
the person peeled the orange .
the person sectioned the orange .
the person threw away the peel .
the person entered into kitchen .
the person took an orange bag from fridge .
the person took a knife , .
the person cut open the bag .
the person took an orange .
the person washed the orange , .
the person wiped orange , .
the person peeled the orange .
the person made the orange into several pieces .
the person disposed the peels into dustbin in shelf .
the person kept the plate at center .
the person rubbed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an orange from the fridge .
the person rinsed the orange .
the person peeled the orange .
the person broke the orange into quarters .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired an orange , knife and plate .
the person peeled the orange .
the person quartered the orange .
the person took an orange , a knife and a plate out onto the kitchen counter .
the person peeled the orange using a knife over the plate .
the person separated the orange sliced .
the person threw the peel into the trash .
the person struggled to open a bag of oranges .
the person cut a bag of oranges open , .
the person peeled the orange .
the person split the orange open .
the person threw away the rind .
the person retrieved a plate and knife , .
the person chose an orange from a bag .
the person rinsed an orange .
the person removed the orange peel .
the person presented the peeled orange in quarters on the plate .
the person threw out the orange peel .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bag of oranges from the refrigerator .
the person took an orange from the bag .
the person rinsed an orange in the sink .
the person peeled the orange .
the person separated the orange into four segments .
the person put four segments on the plate .
the person threw the peelings away .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a bag of oranges out of the refrigerator .
the person washed one orange , .
the person dried one orange , .
the person peeled one orange .
the person divided the orange into a few segments on a plate .
the person threw away the orange peels .
the person threw away the orange peels .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person opened the fridge .
the person selected out of the crisper drawer a sack of oranges .
the person opened the orange sack , .
the person began peeling the orange .
the person cut the orange .
the person took oranges from the fridge .
the person washed an orange well .
the person peeled the skin .
the person divided an orange to slices .
the person placed the slices on a plate .
the person took out an orange from the fridge .
the person washed the orange .
the person dried the orange .
the person peeled the orange over a plate with a knife .
the person broke the orange into segments .
the person threw away the peel .
the person gathered an orange , a knife , and a plate .
the person cleaned the orange .
the person peeled the orange with his hands and knife .
the person broke the peeled orange into sections by hand .
the person placed the sections on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a bag of oranges out the fridge .
the person peeled the orange .
the person broke the orange apart with his hands .
the person washed an orange .
the person dried an orange .
the person peeled the orange by making slits into the rind .
the person peeled an orange .
the person removed some of the excess fiber .
the person broke the orange into four pieces by hand .
the person took out a bag of oranges from the refrigerator .
the person removed one orange from the bag .
the person peeled the orange .
the person split the orange into fourths .
the person got a kiwi from the fridge .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person placed the kiwi on a plate .
the person went in a kitchen .
the person got a kiwi and utensils .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person cleaned up his utensils .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the kiwi using a peeler .
the person sliced the kiwi into little pieces .
the person placed the kiwi on the white plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a kiwi , peeler , knife , cutting board and plate .
the person washed the kiwi .
the person cut off the top and bottom .
the person peeled the kiwi , .
the person cut the kiwi into small discs .
the person placed the pieces onto a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person took a vegetable peeler , knife , and cutting board out of a drawer .
the person washed the kiwi , .
the person peeled the kiwi , .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person put the slices of kiwi on a plate .
the person washed the utensils .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person retrieved kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person sliced of the ends .
the person peeled the fruit with a peeler .
the person removed the slices to a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the kiwi with a peeler .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person put the kiwi on a plate .
the person discarded the peelings .
the person cleaned up .
the person rinsed a kiwi .
the person peeled a kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into many slices .
the person placed these slices on the plate .
the person took out a kiwi and cutting board .
the person cut the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person placed the cut kiwi onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a kiwi , a peeler , and a cutting board .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person took out a knife .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person rinsed his utensils .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a cutting board , vegetable peeler and knife .
the person washed the kiwi , .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person sliced the kiwi .
the person took out a plate .
the person put the kiwi on the plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person grabbed a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a potato peeler from a drawer .
the person took a cutting board from a drawer .
the person rinsed the kiwi .
the person grabbed a knife from a drawer .
the person cut both ends of the kiwi .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person placed the sliced kiwi on a plate .
the person threw the skin in the trash .
the person took a kiwi out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi .
the person cleaned up his self .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi from the fridge .
the person peeled the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person put the kiwi slices on a plate .
the person went into a kitchen .
the person took a kiwi from the refrigerator .
the person took out some kitchen tools , .
the person used the kitchen tools to cut the kiwi into slices .
the person was finished , he washed the tools and his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi .
the person peeled the skin from the kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi into slices .
the person put the kiwi on a plate .
the person cleaned up .
the person placed a kiwi fruit , cutting board , knife , and peeler on a kitchen counter .
the person rinsed the fruit , .
the person peeled the fruit , .
the person sliced the fruit .
the person removed the slices from the board to a saucer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retreaved a kiwi .
the person got a peeler cutting board and knife .
the person removed the skin .
the person placed a kiwi on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kiwi from the fridge .
the person used a peeler to peel a kiwi and a knife and cutting board to slice it .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person got a kiwi from a fridge .
the person peeled the kiwi with a vegetable peeler .
the person sliced the kiwi into circles .
the person put the kiwi on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person added salt , oil and pasta to the pot .
the person drained the pasta .
the person put the pasta in a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a pot of water on the stove .
the person added oil and pasta to the boiling water .
the person strained the cooked pasta .
the person rinsed the cooked pasta in a colander .
the person poured the pasta into a serving bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person added pasta , salt , and oil to the water .
the person served the pasta in a bowl .
a young person went into a kitchen .
the person half filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove to boil .
the person assembled a bag of noodles , a bottle of sauce and a box of salt on the counter .
the water started to boil the person put the food items into the pot .
the person waited for the food items to cook .
they were well cooked , the person the noodles .
the person rinsed the noodles .
the person put the noodles into a bowl .
the person boiled some water in a pot .
the person placed pasta , some oil , and a small amount of salt into the pot .
the person strained the pasta .
the person placed the pasta in a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
first put a pot of water on to boil .
the person got out ingredients .
the person put the ingredients in the pot the pot started to boil .
the person waited .
periodically tested the soup .
the soup was done the person put the soup in a bowl to serve out of .
the person took out a pot .
the person put some water in the pot .
the person turned the pot on , .
the person put the pot on the stove , .
the person got some pasta , and some flavoring .
the person also got some salt , .
the person let the water boil , .
the person salted the water .
the person also flavored the water , .
the person put the pasta in there , .
the person let the pasta cook .
the person drained the cooked pasta .
the person put the cooked pasta in a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put a pot of water on the stove to boil .
the person took pasta , olive oil and salt out .
the person put the pasta , olive oil and salt in the boiling water .
the pasta was done the person drained the pasta in a colander .
the person put the cooked pasta into a bowl he took out of the cabinet .
the person added salt and oil .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put the pasta in a bowl .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person put pasta into the boiling pot of water .
the person strained the pasta .
the person put the pasta into a bowl .
the person put the pasta in a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person drained the pasta .
the person transferred the pasta to a bowl .
the person cleaned off his utensils .
the person waited for the pasta to finish .
the person put the pasta in a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed the cooked pasta into a small bowl .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person set the pot to boil .
the person got out oil and salt .
the person added pasta .
the person poured the pasta into the bowl .
this person came into a kitchen .
the person took out a pot .
the person put the cooked pasta into a bowl .
the person added salt and olive oil to a pot of water .
the person added a bag of dry pasta .
the person cooked the pasta , he dumped the contents of the pot into a colander .
the water drained from the pasta .
the pasta sat in the colander .
the person transferred the cooked , drained pasta from the colander to a serving bowl .
the person went into his kitchen to prepare some food .
the person started some water boiling on the stove .
the person got his ingredients ready .
the person waited for the pasta to cook .
the person added pasta to the boiling water .
the person checked the pasta often .
the person drained the pasta .
the person put the pasta into a bowl .
the person washed a carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot in to sticks .
the person took out the carrot .
the person rinsed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot .
the person collected the proper utensils for preparing a carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut a carrot into smaller pieces .
the person threw away the carrot 's trimmings .
the person removed a cutting board .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person removed a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced up the carrot .
the person place and board and a knife on a counter .
the person washed some carrots , .
the person peeled some carrots .
the person diced some carrots .
the person cleaned up the peelings .
the person moved the knife away .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out his supplies to wash and chop a carrot .
the person started by washing the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person chopped the carrot in small pieces .
the person prepared his work area .
the person gathered a carrot from the refrigerator .
the person cut the carrot on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board , knife and peeler from the drawer .
the person took a carrot from the refrigerator , .
the person rinsed a carrot .
the person peeled a carrot over the cutting board .
the person cut the carrot in sticks .
the person discarded the peelings .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person chopped the carrots .
the person cleaned up he was finished .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the carrot skin using a peeler .
the person sliced the carrot into little pieces .
the person took out a carrot .
the person washed the carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut up the carrot .
the person got a cutting board , a knife , and a peeler .
the person got a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot , .
the person cut the ends off the carrot .
the person peeled a carrot , .
the person cut the carrot in lengths , in widths .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot into strips .
the person cut the strips into small pieces .
the person threw away the skin .
the person gathered a carrot .
the person rinsed a carrot off .
the person peeled the outside away from the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot length-wise with a knife .
the person washed a carrot .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person chopped a carrot up on the cutting board .
the person threw the peeling in the garbage .
the person rinsed a carrot in the sink .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person sliced the carrot into long , thin pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cutting board , vegetable peeler and knife out of the drawer .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person washed a carrot , .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person sliced a carrot .
the person cleaned up the peelings .
the person put the vegetable peeler and knife in the sink .
the person took out a cutting board and carrot .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot .
the person put the carrot peeled into the trash .
the person got a carrot from a fridge .
the person peeled the carrot with a vegetable peeler .
the person cut the carrot with a knife .
the person took a carrot out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrot .
the person cut the carrot with a knife .
the person threw the waste peeled away .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person put on a kettle of water .
the person took a small tea pot out .
the person filled a tea ball with loose tea .
the person took out the sugar .
the person poured the boiling water into the small pot .
the person put in the tea ball .
the person allowed the tea to steep .
the tea was ready the person poured it into a tea cup with sugar .
the person stirred the tea .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a tea maker from a shelf .
the person poured water into the tea maker .
the person turned the tea maker on .
the person poured the hot water from the tea maker into a tea pot .
the person placed a tea ball into the tea maker .
the person poured sugar and tea into into a tea cup .
the person used a small water heater to heat water .
the person added the hot water to a decanter .
the person put in a tea bag .
the tea was done brewing , the person poured the tea in a cup .
the person warmed some water in a water warmer .
the person placed the water into a glass tea pot .
the person placed a metal tea bag into the tea pot of water .
the person added sugar to a cup .
the person poured the tea into a cup .
the person stirred the tea .
the person heated up some tea .
the person waited on the tea .
the person added sugar .
the person stirred the tea .
the person heated water with a maker and hot plate .
the person put the hot water in a tea pot with a tea ball containing tea .
the person cleaned everything .
the person put everything away .
the person poured tea into a cup with sugar .
the person heated tea in a kettle .
the person poured the tea into a pot with some tea leaved .
the person let the tea steep .
the person added sugar .
the person poured tea into a cup .
the person used an electric kettle to make a cup of tea .
the person used a tea ball to steep the loos leaf tea .
the person cleaned everything .
the person put away everything .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a kettle , teapot , and some tea leaved .
the person filled the kettle with water .
the person heated the water .
the person poured the hot water over the tea in the tea pot .
the tea was done the person poured some into a tea cup with some sugar .
the person took out a teapot and water boiler .
the person mixed boiling water and tea .
the person poured the tea into a cup .
the person heated some water in a kettle .
the person put some tea in a tea infuser .
the person put the infuser and hot water in a pot .
the person poured the tea and some sugar in a cup .
the person heated some water in an electric teakettle .
the person put some tea into a metal tea dispenser .
the person waited for the water to heat .
the person put the hot water into the teapot .
the person put the dispenser in a teapot .
the person poured some tea into a teacup with sugar .
the person entered the kitchen .
heated water in an electric kettle .
the person poured hot water into a small glass pot with a full tea infuser .
the person waited as the tea steeped in the small pot .
the person added sugar to a cup .
the person poured in tea .
the person heated water .
the person placed loose tea into a tea strainer .
the person poured the hot water over the tea strainer .
the person waited the tea steeped .
the person used an electric kettle to boil water .
the person added tea and hot water to the tea pot .
the person pour the tea into a cup .
the person filled a tea maker with water .
the person put tea into a teabag .
the person poured in hot water .
the person put the teabag in the kettle .
the person put sugar and tea into a cup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person boiled the water with a electric teapot .
the person placed the tea into the teapot .
the person poured the tea into a cup .
the person heated some water for tea .
the person steeped the tea in a little metal container in the teapot .
the person put sugar in the tea .
the person put the tea in a cup .
the person used an electric tea pot to heat water .
the person poured the hot water into a coffee pot .
the person added a strainer ball filled with tea leaved .
the person spooned some sugar into a tea cup .
the person poured the brew tea over the sugar .
the person took out a lime and juicer .
the person cut the lime into two pieces .
the person juiced each half of the lime .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person also gathered a knife , cutting board , and a hand juicer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person proceeded to squeeze both sections over the juicer .
the person was finished he washed his knife .
the person got a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime with a juicer .
the person took a lime out of the fridge .
the person rinsed a lime off .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person juiced one half with a juicer , .
the person made some cut into the second half .
the person juiced the second half as well .
the person washed the knife he used to cut the lime .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a lime , juicer , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the lime , .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the lime in half , .
the person squeezed each half over a juicer .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person cleaned the knife done .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board and juicer from under the counter .
the person rinsed the lime at the sink .
the person cut the lime in half .
juiced each half of the lime .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime with a juicer .
the person fetched a lime from the cooler .
the person sliced a lime in half .
the person used a juicer to press the juice out of both halves .
the person took a lime out of the fridge .
the person washed a lime .
the person squeezed the halves over a juicer to drain out the juiced .
the person grabbed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in halves .
the person squeezed one half on the squeezer .
the person sliced the inside of the second half .
the person squeezed the second half on the squeezer .
the chef grabbed a lime .
the person sliced a lime in half .
the person placed one half on a juicer .
the person squeezed juice out .
the person repeated with the second half .
the person came into his kitchen .
from there the person proceeded to juice a lime .
the person began cleaning up his area .
the person got out a lime and utensils .
the person washed the lime .
the person cut a lime in half , .
the person used a citrus juicer to juice the lime halves .
the person finished he washed off the knife he had used .
the person took a like out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person manually juiced both halves .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime on a hand juicer .
the person cut a lime in half using a chopping board and kitchen knife .
the person extracted the juice using a juice squeezer , taking care to get all the juice out .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a lime out the fridge .
the person used the white juicer for both pieces of lime .
the person first cut the lime in half .
the person squeezed the lime with the squeezer .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two eggs , a pot and butter .
the person added butter to the pot , .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person scrambled the eggs .
the person added ketchup .
the person plated the eggs with pepper .
the person got out a pot .
the person cracked two eggs into the pot with some butter .
the person stirred two eggs with some butter .
the person put the scrambled eggs on a plate .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person grabbed eggs from the refrigerator .
the person put the eggs in a counter .
the person preheated a pot on the stove .
the person added butter to a pot .
the person cracked the eggs .
the person poured the eggs in the pot .
the person added salt , pepper and sauce to the eggs .
the person stirred the eggs with a wooden spatula .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person added a condiment to the eggs .
the person scrambled two eggs in a pot on a stove .
the person seasoned two eggs .
mixed the seasoning through two eggs thoroughly .
the person placed the cooked eggs on a plate .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person cracked two eggs into a pot .
the person cooked the eggs on the stove .
the person placed the cooked eggs onto a plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got some eggs out of the refrigerator .
the person took out a pot .
the person melted some butter .
the person cracked the eggs into the pot .
the person scrambled the eggs .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person garnished the eggs .
the person finished by cleaning his area .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person prepared to cook some eggs .
the person rinsed the pot .
the person began cooking .
the person seasoned the eggs he cooked the eggs .
the person served the eggs .
the person served the eggs he cleaned up his mess .
the person took some eggs out of the fridge .
the person added the eggs to the pot .
the person stirred the eggs with other ingredients .
the person cleaned up his surroundings .
the person came in kitchen .
the person took eggs and butter and steel pot with spoon .
the person prepared his meal .
the person took also some other things .
prepared eggs for himself .
the person cooked himself a egg dish using three spices and a sauce , maybe ketchup .
the person mixed all the ingredients in a pot using a wooden spoon , .
the person put the food on a plate .
the person spiced the food up some more .
the person cleaned his area and the dishes he had used .
the person put the dishes away .
the person took some eggs out of the refrigerator .
the person cooked the eggs in a pot on the stove .
the person added some spices and ketchup .
the person stirred the eggs , some spices and ketchup all up .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person opened the freezer .
the person took two eggs .
the person switched on the stove .
the person fried the egg in a vessel with ghee .
the person transferred the mix to a plate .
the person heated up a pot .
the person put some butter in a pot and two eggs .
the person added salt and pepper to the eggs .
the person also added ketchup .
the person cooked the eggs thoroughly .
the person scooped the eggs in a plate .
the person added more spice .
the person cleaned up the area .
the person grabbed three eggs from the refrigerator .
the person cooked two of the three eggs with water and some condiments on a stove .
the person served the eggs on a dish .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some eggs and butter from the fridge .
the person got a pot and spatula from under the counter .
the person cooked the eggs and butter in the pot with spices and ketchup .
the person poured the cooked eggs onto a plate .
the person took two eggs and some butter out of the fridge .
mixed two eggs and some butter together in a medium sized saucepan on a low heat .
the person seasoned the mixture with two different spices , .
the person added some ketchup .
the person stirred the mixture all together .
the person served the mixture on to a small plate , .
the person tidied up the mess on the counter top .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took out three eggs and a pot , .
the person put one egg back .
the person fried the two eggs in a pot with butter and various seasonings , .
the person put two eggs on a plate .
perfunctorily washed the dishes .
the person put away the items that needed refrigeration , .
throughly wiped down the areas of the counter and stove where the person had worked .
the person took out eggs and a pot .
the person cooked the eggs in the pot with spices .
the person put the cooked egg onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cracked two eggs into a silver pot .
the person cooked scrambled eggs .
the person added extra ingredients .
the person placed the scrambled eggs on a white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some eggs .
the person scrambled the eggs in a pot with some spices and ketchup .
the person put the eggs on a plate .
the person cleaned the kitchen .
the person got an onion from the cabinet .
the person diced the onion .
the person placed the onion on a plate .
the person sprinkled lemon juice on the onion .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion .
the person peeled the skin .
the person chopped into pieces .
the person sprinkled salt powder over the pieces .
the person retrieved an onion , knife , and cutting board .
the person set an onion , knife , and cutting board on the counter .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person removed the peel , .
the person chopped the onion .
the person moved the onion to a plate .
the person drizzled some lemon juice over the onion .
the person chopped an onion on a cutting board .
the person put the chopped onion on a plate .
the person squeezed lemon juice onto the chopped onions .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an onion out of the pantry .
the person cut off the ends .
the person peeled off the skin .
the person diced the onion .
the person placed the diced onion on a plate .
the person drizzled the onion with lemon juice .
the person peeled a small onion .
the person chopped a small onion on a cutting board .
the person placed the chopped onion on a plate .
the person added some lemon juice to the chopped onion .
the person peeled an onion .
the person chopped up an onion .
the person put the diced onion on a plate .
the person added a little bit of lemon juice to the onion on the plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person acquired an onion , cutting board and knife .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person sprinkled a small amount of lemon juice on top .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an onion .
the person finely chopped the onion .
the person sprinkled some salt to the onion .
the cook found an onion and cutting board .
the person cut the outer skin off the onion .
the person peeled the outer skin off the onion .
once cut the onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the cook diced the onion into bits .
the cook found lemon juice .
the person sprayed the lemon juice onto the diced onion bits .
the person entered .
the person took out one onion .
the person peeled the onion , .
the person sliced the onion , .
the person diced the onion .
the person grabbed a plate .
the person put the pieces onto a plate .
the person sprinkled lemon juice over the onion bits .
the person got out an onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person put the onion on a plate .
the person put lemon juice on the onion .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out an onion , a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut off both ends of the onion , .
the person peeled the onion , .
the person diced the onion , .
the person put the onion on a plate .
the person added lemon juice .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person peeled off the skin .
the person also peeled off another layer below the skin .
the person cut the onion vertically into several pieces .
the person cut across the onion some five to six times .
the result was a finely chopped onion to which the person added some lime juice .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person removed an onion from a cabinet .
the person took a cutting board and knife from drawers .
the person cut up the onion on the cutting board .
the person took a plate from a cabinet .
the person put the chopped onion on a plate .
the person took something from the cabinet .
the person sprinkled something from the cabinet on the chopped onion .
the person cut the onion in half .
the person peeled the onion .
the person diced the onion .
the person served the diced onion on a plate with lemon juice .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out an onion from the cabinet .
the person diced the onion on a cutting board .
the person placed the onion diced on a plate .
the person put a little lemon juice on the onion diced .
the person got an onion from a cabinet .
the person peeled the onion .
the person chopped the onion with a knife .
the person put the onion on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person diced the onion .
the person put the diced onion in a bowl .
the person put lemon juice on top of the diced onion .
the person peeled an onion .
the person cut the onion into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces on a plate .
the person poured lemon juice on the onion pieces .
the person removed two small dishes from a kitchen cabinet .
the person tapped an egg from the refrigerator with a spoon .
the person made a hole in the egg .
through the egg hole the person poured out the white and the yolk onto a dish each .
the person cleaned up he finished .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person retrieved two bowled from a cabinet .
the person placed the bowled on the counter .
the person carefully chose an egg from the refrigerator .
over the two bowled began to crack the shell .
the person separated the contents , yolk and white , into each separate bowl .
the person disposed of the shell .
the person cleaned his hands and the counter , .
the person replaced the spoon .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person took two bowled from the cabinet .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person got a spoon .
the person made a hole in the egg with the spoon .
the person drained the egg white into a bowl .
the person made a bigger hole with the spoon .
the person spooned the yolk into another bowl .
person took out two bowled from cupboard and an egg from refrigerator .
the person made a small hole on the egg .
the person poured the egg white in one bowl .
the person transferred the yellow part of egg in to another bowl with the spoon breaking the egg open .
the person washed his hands and washed the spoon also .
the person cleaned the platform with his hand .
the person washed his hand again .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed an egg and two white bowled .
the person placed egg whites into a white bowl .
the person placed the egg yolk into the second bowl .
the person cracked and egg with a spoon .
the person separated the yolk from the white on two plates .
the person cleaned up the mess .
the person retrieved two small bowled , an egg , and a spoon .
with the spoon , the person cracked the egg .
the person poured the egg whites into one bowl .
the person scooped the egg yolk with a spoon into the other bowl .
the person cleaned the counter top , his hands , and the spoon .
the person took two bowled out of the pantry .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg slowly so that he could separate the egg white and the yolk .
the person poured the egg white in one bowl and the yolk in the other bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained two bowled , an egg and a spoon .
the person removed a small amount of shell from the egg .
the person separated the egg whites and yolk into the two bowled .
the person made a small hole in an egg with a spoon .
the person poured the egg white into a bowl .
the person made the hole larger .
the person poured the yolk into another bowl .
the person threw away the shell .
the person washed his hands .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person cracked the egg 's shell .
the person drained the liquid yolk in the egg .
the person placed the solid yolk on a plate .
the person cleaned up his surroundings , .
the person finished by washing his hands .
the person went into the kitchen .
prepared two white saucers .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out an egg .
the person proceeded to open a drawer .
the person took out a teaspoon .
the person proceeded to separate the egg yolk from the egg white .
the person got two bowled from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from a fridge .
the person separated the egg whites and yolk .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person took a spoon .
the person made a hole in the egg .
the person poured the white of the egg in one bowl and the yolk in the other .
the person cleaned up .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person used a spoon to make a hole in the egg .
the person put the egg whites in one bowl and the egg yolk in another bowl .
the person made sure there were no egg shells in the bowled .
the person cleaned up his counter .
the person cracked the egg with a spoon .
the person poured the egg whites in one bowl .
the person placed the egg yolk in the other bowl .
the person removed two plates from the cabinet .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg a little , .
the person drained the white of the egg onto one plate .
the person drained the yolk on the other plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got two bowled .
the person got an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person punched a hole into the top .
the person shook the egg white into one of the bowled .
the person put the yellow part into another bowl .
the person threw out the eggshell .
the person took out two bowled and an egg .
the person tapped a small hole in the egg using a spoon .
the person shook out the egg white out onto one bowl .
the person spooned the egg yolk onto the other bowl .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got two bowled and an egg .
the person opened the egg slightly .
the person drained the white into a bowl .
the person cracked the egg more .
the person spooned out the yolk to the other bowl .
the person cleaned up .
the person took out a pomegranate .
the person cut the fruit into eight pieces , .
the person drained the juice into a bowl each time .
the person used a knife and scraped the arils into a bowl .
the person removed any white bits in the bowl with a spoon .
the person washed everything .
the person put the arils onto the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a fruit from the refrigerator .
the person washed a fruit .
the person cut a fruit up into a bowl and plate .
the person cleaned the dishes , cutting board , and knives .
the person put the dishes , cutting board , and knives away .
the person dried the counter top .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a pomegranate , a bowl , a plate , a chopping board and two knives .
the person proceeded to cut the pomegranate in half .
the person let the pomegranate juice leak into the bowl .
the person proceeded to take off the pomegranate seeds .
the person cleaned herself .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got out a pomegranate .
the person got the utensils he needed .
the person began cutting a pomegranate into wedges .
the person started to pick the seeds from the pomegranate .
the person placed the seeds in the bowl .
the person was done , he cleaned up the area and all the utensil .
the person removed a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person washed a pomegranate .
the person cut a pomegranate open .
the person only kept the seeds from the pomegranate , .
the person discarded everything else .
the person took the pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the pomegranate open with a knife .
the person poured the juiced into a bowl .
the person cut the fruit into slices onto a plate .
the person clean the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate .
the person took out the seeds .
the person cleaned up all the mess .
the person put the seeds on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person got a cutting board , two knives , a bowl and a plate from the cabinet .
the person cut the pomegranate into pieces .
the person scraped the seeds out .
the person got a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person cut a pomegranate .
the person deseeded the fruit into a bowl .
the person was done , he cleaned up .
the person put the seeds on a plate .
the person took out a pomegranate , a bowl , plate , cutting board , and two knives .
the person washed a pomegranate , .
the person cut off the crown and bottom , .
the person cut the pomegranate into eighths .
the person dislodged the seeds into a bowl .
the person cleaned up everything .
the person poured the seeds onto a plate .
the person took out a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person rinsed a pomegranate , .
the person cut a pomegranate up , .
the person desseded a pomegranate .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person took out a pomegranate and a cutting board .
the person cut the pomegranate into small chunks .
the person deseeded the pomegranate into a bowl .
the person took a pomegranate from the fridge .
the person cut a pomegranate in half .
the person continued to cut the sections in half .
the person caught the juice in a bowl .
the person picked the seeds from the sections .
the person put the seeds in the bowl with the juice .
the person cut a pomegranate in half .
the person cut each half into quarters .
the person scraped the seeds and pulp from each section of the pomegranate , .
the person placed the seeds into a bowl .
the person discarded the rind of the pomegranate .
the person came .
the person took pomegranate , bowl , plate , pad and two knifes from drawer .
the person removed nuts from pomegranate into bowl .
the person cleaned bowl , knifed and pad .
the person shifted nuts into a plate .
the person cleaned platform and his hands .
the person took a pomegranate .
the person sliced a pomegranate .
the person cleaned his surroundings .
the person plated the prepared pomegranate .
the person grabbed a pomegranate from a refrigerator .
the person cut a pomegranate in half .
the person cut the halves into a smaller size .
the person removed the seed by hitting the pomegranate with a knife .
the person scraped the remaining seeds with the blade of the knife .
the person removed any skin that fell with the pomegranate seeds with a ladle .
the person put the pomegranate seeds on a plate .
the person grabbed pomegranate out of the fridge .
the person rinsed the pomegranate .
the person sliced the pomegranate on a cutting board .
the person scraped the arils off the pomegranate .
the person placed all the arils onto a white plate .
the person took pomegranate from , bowl and plate from kitchen .
the person took knife and cutter board .
the person cut the pomegranate into pieces .
the person removed the arils from each pieces .
the person washed the knife , cutter board and plate .
the person moved arils from bowl to plate .
the person removed a pomegranate from the refrigerator .
the person sliced a pomegranate in half .
the person removed the seeds .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person placed the pomegranate on a plate , .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed herbs from the refrigerator .
the person removed what he needed .
the person placed the rest back .
the person rinsed off the herbs , .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person placed the herbs in a bowl .
the person rinsed the herbs in the sink .
the person diced the herbs with the knife .
the person placed the diced herbs into the bowl .
the person got herbs from the refrigerator .
the person picked the stemmed .
the person cut the stemmed off of the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs in a metal bowl .
the person selected three different kinds of fresh herbs .
the person trimmed the herbs .
the person cleaned the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs finely with a knife .
the person got some herbs .
the person removed the stemmed from the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved three different herbs from the fridge .
the person portioned off pieces of each herb .
the person placed the herb on a cutting board .
the person returned the rest of the herbs to the fridge .
the person chopped the herbs very finely .
before placing the herbs into a metal bowl .
the person placed the knife and cutting board into the sink .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took three types of herbs from the refrigerator .
the person selected the some herbs from each .
the person chopped the herbs on a cutting board .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person gathered three kinds of herbs .
the person separated the herbs from the stemmed .
the person chopped up the herbs .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the fridge and a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces .
the person put the chopped herbs in a bowl .
the person took the cutting board and utensils out of the cabinets and drawers .
the person removed the herbs from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the herbs up .
the person placed the herbs in a bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person retrieved a knife and cutting board from the drawer .
the person grabbed three herbs from the fridge .
the person tossed the wrappers in the trash .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person chopped the herbs into small pieces .
the person opened the drawer , .
the person took out a cutting board , a knife , and a smaller knife .
the person opened a another drawer .
the person got a bowl .
the person opened the refrigerator , .
the person got some herbs .
the person rinsed off the herbs .
the person threw some stemmed away .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs in the bowl .
the person took fresh herbs from the refrigerator .
the person cut the stemmed away from the herbs .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person finely chopped the herbs .
the person took out some herbs .
the person cut some herbs from the plant .
the person cut up the herbs .
the person placed a large knife , a smaller knife , a metal dish , and a cutting board on the counter .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed three types of herbs .
the person proceeded to wash , cut , and prepare the herbs .
the person set up his area for cutting herbs .
the person removed the herbs from his refrigerator .
the person diced the herbs on a cutting board .
the person washed the cutting board off in the sink .
the person pick herbs apart .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs in a bowl .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person removed three types of herbs from a refrigerator .
the person took parts of each .
the person rinsed the parts .
the person chopped these herbs .
the person placed these herbs into a bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person cleaned the herbs .
the person cut the herbs .
the person put the herbs in the bowl he was finished .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person chopped herbs into little pieces .
the person placed the herbs into a bowl .
the person took a toaster out .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the bread on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster .
the person placed some bread into the toaster .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person waited on the bread to toast .
the person placed the toast on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got the toaster out of a drawer .
the person got two slices of bread from a loaf in the fridge .
the person put the bread in the toaster .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person took out a toaster .
two pieces of bread .
the person used the toaster to toast the bread .
the person washed a plate .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person grabbed a toaster , .
the person grabbed some slices of bread .
the person put the rest away .
the person plugged a toaster in .
the person turned a toaster on .
the person plated the toasted bread .
the person got the toaster and the bread .
the person put the toaster and the bread on the counter .
the person checked the lever operation of the toaster several time , .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person waited for the toast , .
the person looked at his cell phone .
the person checked the settings knob on the toaster .
the person washed his plate .
the person dried his plate in the sink .
the person put the toast on the plate .
the person unplugged the toaster .
the person entered the kitchen set .
the person removed a toaster from under the countertop .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person removed some bread .
the person took out two slices of bread .
the person plugged in the toaster .
the person waited as the toaster toasted the two pieces .
the person rummaged through the drawers .
the person took a toaster out .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got two slices of bread .
the person struggled to make the toasted work .
the person waited .
the person took a clean plate .
the person put his toasted toast on a clean plate .
the person pulled out a toaster .
the person got bread to toast .
the person waited as the bread toasted .
the person put the bread on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a toaster .
the person set a toaster up .
the person got some bread .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person put the toast on a plate , .
just stood there , .
hands in pockets .
the person took out two pieces of bread from the refrigerator .
the person placed the bread into the toaster .
the person waited for the bread to crisp up in the toaster for about a minute .
once the person thought the toast was done .
the person found a plate .
the person wiped the plate off .
the person placed the two pieces of toast on the plate .
the person found a toaster in a drawer .
the person tested the mechanism .
the person dropped in two pieces of bread .
the person plugged the toaster in .
the person tot rugged with the spring mechanism .
the person turned the toaster on .
the person waited restlessly , .
the person checked his phone .
the person shifted his feet .
the person pushed up the spring mechanism .
the person rinsed a plate for the toast .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out a toaster .
the person put some bread in the toaster .
the person toasted the bread .
the person put the bread onto a plate .
the person took a toaster out the bottom drawer .
the person took two slices of bread from the refrigerator .
the person put two slices of bread in the toaster .
the person put the toast on a plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a toaster .
the person toasted bread .
a young person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a toaster .
the person retrieved two slices of bread from a packet in a refrigerator .
the person placed the bread in the toaster .
the person timed the toaster using his cell phone clock .
the person placed the toast on a plate .
the person got a toaster .
the person got two slices of bread from a fridge .
the person toasted the bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a toaster from the drawer .
the person toasted two pieces of bread .
the person took out a pineapple from the pantry .
the person cut the top off , .
the person split the pineapple into two halves .
the person took one half .
the person cut the pineapple into quarters , .
the person cut off the ends .
the person trimmed the pineapple pieces .
the person cored the pineapple .
the person cut the pineaple into slices .
the person repeated this for all the pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a pineapple out the cabinet .
the person slice the pineapple into little pieces .
the person came to kitchen .
the person took pineapple to cut .
the person used knife and pad to cut pineapple .
the person washed pad and knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a cutting board , knife , plate and pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple .
the person peeled the pineapple , .
the person diced the pineapple .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person peeled a pineapple .
the person diced a pineapple .
the person plated the prepared pineapple .
the person removed a pineapple from the cabinet .
the person removed the outer skin of the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person diced the pineapple .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person placed a pineapple on the board .
the person cored a pineapple .
the person peeled a pineapple , .
the person sliced a pineapple .
the person placed a pineapple into a plate .
the person prepared a pineapple by trimming off the leaves .
the person quartered the pineapple .
the person removed the skin with a knife and chopping board .
the person removed the center sections .
the person cut each part into two .
the person chopped the pineapple into small pieces .
the person took out cutting board and a pineapple .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into small pieces .
the person put the small pieces onto a plate .
the person placed a pineapple on a cutting board .
the person sliced the top from the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into quarter piece lengthwise .
the slices in a bowl .
the person cut a pineapple with a large knife .
the person removed the skin .
the person cut the pineapple into smaller pieces .
the person cut those pieces into mid-sized chunks .
the person placed the pineapple on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person prepared to work by getting out a cutting board , knife , plate , and pineapple .
the person began by cutting off the top of the pineapple , .
the person quartered the pineapple , .
the person removed the rind from each quarter .
the person cleaned the cutting board .
the person cut each quarter into many smaller segments of pineapple .
the person put the smaller segments of pineapple all on a plate he finished .
the person ended the video by washing the knife and cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and pineapple , .
the person cut the rind off the pineapple .
the person sliced the pineapple into pieces .
the person put the sliced pineapple onto a plate .
the person sliced the top off the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple in half .
the person cut each half in half .
the person removed the ends of each piece .
the person removed the skin , .
the person cut each piece lengthwise .
the person sliced the pineapple .
the person got a cutting board and large knife out .
the person retrieved a pineapple .
the person cleaned the pineapple .
the person sectioned the pineapple up .
the person diced the pineapple into small chunks .
the person put the pineapple on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person took out a pineapple .
the person took the pineapple .
the person sliced a pineapple on a cutting board .
the person diced a pineapple into pieces .
the person placed the diced pineapple in a plate .
the person cut up a pineapple into two , vertically .
the person cut the pineapple again vertically .
the person cut the rind portion off .
the person chopped up the pineapple into thin pieces .
the person got a pineapple from a fridge .
the person skinned the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into small chunks .
the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person got a pineapple .
the person peeled the pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into chunks .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a pineapple .
the person peeled a pineapple .
the person cut the pineapple into small pieces .
the person put the pineapple on a plate .
the person took two pieces of garlic cloves .
the person proceeded to peel the garlic cloves .
the person placed the garlic peel into a dish .
finely chop the garlic cloves using a broad bladed knife on a chopping board .
the person cleaned the garlic residue on the knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , knife and plate .
the person took some cloves off a head of garlic .
the person peeled the skin off the cloves .
the person finely chopped the garlic cloves .
the person grabbed garlic and a plated from the cabinets .
the person crushed the garlic with the side of a knife .
the person removed the skin .
the person chopped the garlic on the cutting board into very small pieces .
the person came in .
prepared his kitchen .
the person took out garlic , .
the person chose a chef 's knife , chopping board , waste plate and garlic clove .
the person gathered the equipment for a chopping task .
the person husked the garlic , .
the person trimmed the garlic , .
the person minced the garlic .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person placed a knife on the cutting board .
the person brought a few cloves of garlic from the cupboard .
the person cleaned the garlic .
the person chopped the garlic on the cutting board .
the person selected garlic from the cabinets , .
the person peeled off two cloves .
the person removed the husk from the cloves .
the person removed the ends .
the person discarded the ends .
the person chopped both cloves into small pieces .
the person took out two cloves of garlic .
the person peeled the outer layer .
the person chopped two cloves of garlic in several directions .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got garlic from a cabinet .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person chopped the garlic .
the person took a pod of garlic .
the person separated two cloves from a pod of garlic .
the person crushed the cloves .
the person peeled the cloves .
the person minced the garlic slices into very fine pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a cutting board , knife , plate and two cloves of garlic .
the person peeled the garlic , .
the person pressed the garlic with the knife against the cutting board , .
the person peeled the remaining skin off .
the person diced up the cloves using the knife .
the person removed a section of a garlic clove .
the person placed a garlic clove on the cutting board .
the person used a knife to finely dice the garlic .
the person prepared the following items : a cutting board , knife , garlic , and bowl .
the person crushed the garlic to prepare it for chopping .
the person chopped the garlic into squares .
the person peeled some garlic .
the person cut the ends from the garlic .
the person chopped the garlic .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board and a knife on the counter .
the person peeled two garlic cloves on a plate .
the person chopped up the cloves with the knife on the cutting board .
the person removed a head of garlic from the cupboard .
the person parted off two cloves .
the person placed the remaining garlic back into the cupboard .
the person peeled the two garlic cloves .
the person diced the two garlic cloves .
the person took a few cloves of garlic , .
the person smashed the cloves of garlic , .
the person peeled the garlic .
the person minced the garlic cloves .
the person removed garlic from the cabinet .
the person took two cloves .
the person mashed the garlic cloves with a knife .
the person diced the garlic into small pieces .
the person took a bulb of garlic from a pantry .
the person brought a bulb of garlic to a cutting board .
the person peeled two cloves of garlic .
the person removed two cloves ' of garlic ends .
the person chopped the two cloves of garlic .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board and knife .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got a bulb of garlic .
the person took two cloves from the bulb .
the person removed the skin from the garlic cloves .
the person diced the garlic .
the person peeled two pieces of garlic from a clove .
the person crushed two pieces of garlic with the broad sided of a knife .
the person diced the garlic .
the person grabbed two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the tips off the carrots .
the person shaved the carrots skin off .
the person chopped the carrot into small pieces .
the person brushed the pieces onto the plate .
the person set out a cutting board , a large knife , an empty bowl , a plate with two carrots on a plate , and a potato peeler .
the person proceeded to cut the ends off of the carrots .
skin the carrots with the potato peeler .
before carefully dicing the carrots with the knife .
the person transported the diced carrots back onto the plate with his hands and the knife , .
the person discarded a few pieces that fell onto the counter .
the person removed two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person peeled each carrot .
the person sliced the carrots into small pieces .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person grabbed a small ceramic bowl .
the person removed two carrots from the fridge .
the person placed two carrots on a plate .
the person used a vegetable peeler to skin the carrots .
the person chopped the carrots on the cutting board .
the person transferred the chopped carrots to a plate .
the person got out two carrots .
the person cut the ends off .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person sliced the carrots into rounds .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person got carrots from a fridge .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person diced the carrots .
the person put the carrots on a plate .
the person took two carrots from a refrigerator .
the person cleaned the carrots .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person sliced the carrots into bits .
the person placed the carrots onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person gathered various items including a cutting board , knife , plate , bowl , peeler , and two carrots .
the person cut the ends off the carrots .
the person peeled the carrots over the bowl .
once peeled the carrots .
the person chopped up the carrots into small discs .
the person moved the plate closer to the cutting board .
the person moved the chopped carrots to the plate with his hand and the knife .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the carrot into little pieces .
the person sliced the carrot into little pieces .
the person placed the pieces of carrot onto the white plate .
the person cut the ends from two carrots .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person cut the carrots in to chunks .
the person took out items he needed from the cupboard , drawer and refrigerator .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person placed the carrots on the plate .
the person removed a knife and cutting board from a drawer .
the person removed two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person cut two carrots into small pieces .
the person moved the carrots from the cutting board onto a plate .
the person cut the ends from the carrots .
the person used the peeler to scrape the skin from the carrots .
the person cut the peeled carrots into half inch slices .
the person put the carrot slices onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person pulled out a cutting board , knife , a white bowl and plate .
the person took out two carrots .
the person cut of their ends .
the person peeled two carrots .
the person sliced the carrots on the cutting board .
the person used his knife to transfer the carrots to the white plate .
the person placed his utensils on the counter .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person sliced a carrot .
the person placed the carrot slices on a plate with a knife .
the person took a bowl and plate from the cupboard .
the person got two carrots out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled two carrots .
the person put the peels into the bowl .
the person sliced the carrots .
the person put the slices on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a knife , cutting board and peeler from under the counter .
the person also got a bowl and plate from the pantry .
two carrots from the fridge .
the person peeled the carrots .
the person cut the carrots into small pieces .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person took two carrots from the refrigerator .
the person placed two carrots on a plate .
the person trimmed the carrots .
the person peeled the carrots over the bowl .
the person sliced the carrots into round slices .
the person put the carrot slices on the plate .
the person got a carrot .
the person peeled a carrot .
the person cut the carrot into small pieces on a cutting board .
the person put the carrot pieces on a plate .
the person came in the kitchen .
the person took a mango out of the fridge .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the mango into stripes .
the person filled up a bowl with these stripes .
the person took out a fruit from the refrigerator .
the person peeled part of the fruit .
the person sliced the fruit .
the person placed the fruit on a plate .
the person peeled a mango .
the person cut up the mango .
the person placed the mango on a plate .
the person collected a cutting board , bowl and plate , mango and peeler .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the flesh off of the core .
the person put the pieces of mango onto the plate .
the person took out a mango from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the skin off first .
the person cut up the whole mango in this manner , working around the seed .
the person cut a mango , lengthwise , into thin pieces , each piece being approximately the size of a french fry .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board , bowl , plate , knife and peeler .
the person got a fruit from the fridge .
the person peeled a fruit .
the person peeled a fruit he sliced the fruit .
the person put the fruit on the plate .
the person got a cutting board , bowl , and plate from a drawer .
the person got an mango from a refrigerator .
the person peeled the skin off the mango .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a cutting board .
the person grabbed a plate and bowl .
the person set a plate and bowl to the cutting board .
the person grabbed a mango .
the person shaved a mango into the bowl .
the person grabbed a knife .
the person cut the mango lengthwise .
the person placed the cut mango on the plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a mango from the refrigerator .
the person took a peeler from the drawer .
the person peeled the mango over a bowl .
the person took a knife .
the person sliced the fruit away from the pit .
the person sliced the fruit into smaller slices .
the person moved slices to the plate .
the person took an mango .
the person peeled an mango .
the person cut an mango into small slices .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person grabbed a few kitchen items and a vegetable .
the person peeled the vegetable .
the person cut the vegetable .
the person placed the pieces on a plate .
the person took a mango out of the fridge .
the person threw away the sticker on a mango .
the person used a vegetable peeler .
the person peeled off the skin on the mango .
the person sliced around the seed .
the person removed the mango flesh .
the person sliced the mango pieces into smaller slices , .
the person put the mango pieces on a plate .
the person gathered his supplies .
the person got a papaya from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the papaya .
the person sliced his papaya .
the person presented the papaya on a plate .
the person pulled out a cutting board , a plate , and a bowl .
the person retrieved a mango .
the person peeled the mango .
the person put the rinds and pit in the bowl and the sliced pieces on a plate .
the person sliced the mango .
the person took a dark green and purple fruit from the refrigerator .
the person peeled a dark green and purple fruit .
the person cut off both ends .
the person made several cut around the center , .
the person sliced a dark green and purple fruit into long sticks .
the person took out a mango and cutting board .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cut the mango .
the person put the mango pieces onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person retrieved a mango from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the mango .
the person cored the mango .
the person cut the chunks intro strips .
the person transferred the mango strips unto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , vegetable peeler and knife out of the drawer .
the person took an mango out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the mango .
the person sliced the mango like french fries .
the person put the mango stuck onto a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed tho glasses out the cabinet .
the person poured the egg whites and yolk into the glasses .
the person got two clear cups from a cabinet .
the person got an egg from a fridge .
the person separated the egg into the two cups .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two glasses out of the cupboard .
the person placed two glasses on the counter .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person separated the egg whites over one of the glasses .
the person was finished , he put the egg yolk in the other glass .
the person threw the egg shells away .
the person took out two glasses .
the person took out an egg from the refrigerator .
the person separated the egg yolk and white into the two glasses .
the person cracked an egg .
the person poured the egg whites into a large cup .
the person placed the egg yolk in the small cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a mug and small glass from the cabinet .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person separated an egg over the mug .
the person placed the yolk in the small glass .
the person threw the shell away .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two cups and an egg .
the person cracked the egg over one cup .
the person separated the whites and yolk , .
the person placed the yolk into the other cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took two glasses out of the cabinet .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person separated the egg .
the person put the yolk in one glass and the white in the other .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out two glass cups and an egg .
the person separated the egg into egg whites and yolk , .
the person placed each portion in separate cups .
the person took a large and a small glass out of the cabinet .
the person placed a large and a small glass on the counter .
the person cracked an egg over the large glass .
the person spilt the egg whites into the large glass .
the person placed the yolk in the small glass .
the person threw the egg shell away .
the person took out two glasses and an egg .
the person cracked the egg on one of the glasses .
the person separated the yolk into the smaller glass .
the person got two glasses from the cupboard .
the person set the glasses down on the counter .
the person got one egg out of the refrigerator .
the person put the white of the egg into one cup , and the yolk of the egg in the other cup .
the person threw away the egg shell in the trash can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed two glasses from the cabinet .
the person removed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg open , .
the person drained the white into one cup .
the person placed the yolk in the other cup .
the person placed two glasses on the counter .
the person took an egg from the fridge .
the person cracked open the egg , .
the person put the yoke and the white in separate glasses .
the person cracked an egg .
the person separated the yolk from the white .
the person put the white in one glass and the yolk into another .
the person took a beer mug and small glass from the cupboard .
the person got an egg from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg on the beer mug .
the person poured the juice from the yolk into the beer mug , .
the person placed the yolk in the other glass .
the person threw the shell in the trash .
the person went to the kitchen .
the person took two glasses out of a cabinet .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person separated the white from the yolk .
the person threw the eggshells away .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got out two glasses .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person separated the egg white from the yolk , placing each into a different glass .
the person threw away the egg shell .
the person entered .
the person took out two glasses .
the person grabbed one egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the whites from the yolk .
the person put the egg yolk into the smaller glass .
the person cracked an egg .
the person separated the yolk and white into two separate glasses .
the person threw the shell away .
the person took an onion from cupboard .
the person peeled the skin of onion .
the person cut the onion into pieces .
the person fried the chopped pieces in a pan with oil .
the person placed the spatula on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved an onion , cutting board , and knife from cupboards .
the person diced the onion .
the person sauteed in olive oil in a pan .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person chopped the onion on the cutting board .
the person cooked the onions in the frying pan .
the person went into a kitchen .
the person peeled an onion .
the person diced an onion .
the person put some oil in a frying pan .
the person scraped the onions into the pan .
the person stirred the onions as the onions cooked until the onions were done .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an onion , knife and cutting board .
the person chopped the onion .
the person put the onion in a pan with some oil .
the person cooked the onion until the onion was brown .
the person diced a raw onion .
the person sauteed the diced onion in a skillet .
the person browned the diced onion .
the person gathered an onion .
the person peeled the onion .
the person chopped the onion .
the person cooked the onion in an oiled frying pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took the onion from the shelf .
the person cut the onion into round pieces first .
the person chopped the round pieces into very small pieces .
the person fried these onion till these onion became brown .
the person diced an onion .
the person placed some oil in a pan .
the person cooked the onion in the pan .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person began to chop an onion .
once the person chopped the onion .
the person pulled out a frying pan , oil , and a woodem spoon .
the person fried the onions until the onions were brown .
the person got an onion from a cabinet .
the person diced the onion on a cutting board .
the person sauteed the onion in a frying pan .
the person chopped some onion .
the person poured to wine into that skillet .
the person placed some onion in a skillet .
the person browned the onion for a long time .
the person took out an onion .
the person chopped an onion .
the person cooked an onion in a pan .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed an onion from the cabinet .
the person sliced up the onion on a cutting board .
the person put a frying pan on the stove .
the person took a bottle of something from the cabinet .
the person fried the onion on the stove with something from the bottle .
the person peeled an onion .
the person chopped an onion into fine pieces .
the person put some oil in a pan .
the person put the onions in the pan .
the person stirred the onions until golden brown .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person placed the onion on the counter .
the person placed the onion on the cutting board .
the person cut the onion with the knife into small pieces .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person put vegetable oil and the chopped onion in a pan .
the person mixed the onion and vegetable oil with a spatula .
the person diced an onion .
the person diced the onion on a cutting board .
the person cooked an onion .
the person cooked the onion in an oiled pan .
the person stirred the onion .
the person cooked the onion for around six minutes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed an onion out of the cabinet .
the person diced the onion .
the person cooked the onion .
the person got the onion out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the onion on a cutting board .
the person fried the onion in olive oil on a stove top .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a chili pepper .
the person rinsed a chili pepper off in the sink .
the person sliced the chili pepper .
a male removed a chili pepper from the refrigerator .
the person placed a chili pepper onto a kitchen counter .
the person placed the chili pepper on to the cutting board .
the male subject cut the rest of the pepper into small pieces .
the person entered the room .
the person took a chilli from the rightmost cabinet .
the person cut the chilli on a round chopping board using a broad bladed knife .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person got a chilli pepper from a fridge .
the person cut the stem off the pepper .
the person chopped the chilli pepper with a knife .
the person took out a chili pepper .
the person washed a chili pepper .
the person diced a chili pepper on a cutting board finely .
the person put the knife down finished .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person removed a chilli pepper from the refrigerator .
the person washed a chilli pepper under the faucet .
the person chopped a chilli pepper up into small pieces on a cutting board .
the person selected a chili pepper .
the person rinsed the chili .
the person removed the top with a large knife .
the person carefully sliced the chili into thin slices .
the person took a piece of chili from the fridge .
the person washed the chili .
the person sliced the chili into small pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a chilli pepper from the fridge .
the person used a knife and a cutting board to chop the chilli pepper .
the person washed a chilli pepper .
the person threw away the top of the chilli .
the person finely chopped the chilli .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a chilli pepper from the fridge .
the person rinsed a chilli pepper in the sink .
the person removed the top of the chilli with a knife .
the person discarded the top of the chili .
the person diced the chilli on a cutting board .
the person came in to the kitchen .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person removed a red pepper from a plastic bag .
the person washed the pepper .
the person placed the pepper on a cutting board .
the person sliced the red chili pepper very thinly .
the person took a red pepper out of the refrigerator , .
the person washed a red pepper .
the person set a red pepper onto a cutting board .
the person took a knife .
the person cut off the stem .
the person removed the stem , .
the person sliced the pepper into thin slices down the horizontal axis of the pepper .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took the red chilly from the refrigerator .
the person took a wooden plate from the drawer .
the person placed a wooden plate on the slab .
the person washed the chilly .
the person placed the red chilly on the plate .
the person took the knife from the drawer .
the person cut the head of the chilly .
the person placed the head of the chili inside another drawer .
the person cut the remaining portion of the chilly into small pieces .
the person took a chilli out of the refrigerator , .
the person rinsed a chilli , .
the person placed a chili on the cutting board .
the person cut off the end .
the person sliced a chili into small pieces .
the person got a cutting board , a knife , and a chilli .
the person cut the stem from the chilli .
the person sliced the chilli .
the person entered a kitchen to prepare a chilli pepper for a chili recipe .
the person opened the refrigerator , .
the person removed the pepper .
the person washed the pepper .
the person placed the pepper on a cutting board .
the person cut the pepper into pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a chili , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the chili , .
the person cut the top off .
the person threw the top of chili away .
the person diced the chili with the knife .
the person took out a chili .
the person washed a chili .
the person sliced the chili into small pieces .
the person entered into the room .
the person opened the refrigerator .
the person used a knife he chopped that chilli into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out eggs .
the person cooked the eggs into an omelet .
the person placed the omelet into a bowl .
the person cracked two brown eggs .
the person put the yolks , egg whites and salt into a small mixing bowl .
the person beat the eggs with a fork .
the person put the beaten eggs into the pan .
intermittently added pepper the eggs browned .
the person removed the eggs from the pan .
the person placed the browned eggs into the bowl .
the person took two eggs .
mixed the eggs up in a bowl .
the person heated up some oil in a frying pan .
hot enough , the person put the eggs in the pan to make an almost complete circle .
the person cooked the eggs , .
the person tried to flip the eggs over did not maintain the circular shape .
the person put the eggs back into the bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a bowl , a fork and two eggs .
the person cracked the eggs , .
beat the eggs .
the person heated a frying pan with oil .
the person put the eggs in a frying pan .
the person cooked the eggs .
the person put spices in the eggs .
the person put the eggs in the bowl .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out two eggs , a bowl and fork .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person whisked the eggs , .
the person took out a pan , .
the person poured oil into a pan .
the person cooked the eggs .
the person added salt .
the person placed the eggs into the bowl .
the person cracked eggs into a bowl .
the person beat the eggs .
the person put a pan of oil on the stove .
the person added the eggs to the pan .
the person cracked some eggs .
the person cooked the eggs in a pan .
the person placed the eggs in a bowl .
the person prepared two eggs to make scrambled eggs .
the person placed the eggs into a pot .
the person cooked the eggs .
the person also spiced up the eggs with pepper and salt .
the person whisked eggs in a bowl .
the person poured the eggs in a pan .
the person placed the cooked eggs in the bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a bowl , two eggs , a fork , a frying pan , and a spatula .
the person cracked the eggs into the bowl .
the person threw away the shells .
the person added some salt to the eggs .
before beating the eggs with the fork .
the person heated some oil in the pan .
the person added the eggs to the pan .
the person added some seasoning to the eggs .
the person flipped the eggs as they cooked .
the person transferred the eggs to the bowl .
the person gathered utensils and ingredients .
the person cooked two eggs .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a bowl , two eggs , and a fork .
the person whipped the eggs .
the person cooked the eggs with olive oil on the stove in a pan .
the person put the eggs in a bowl .
the person cleaned his cooking utensils .
the person cracked two eggs into a metal bowl .
the person beat the eggs .
the person poured the eggs into a hot skillet with oil .
the person flipped the omelet over , .
the person placed the omelet into a clean bowl .
the person cleaned the spatula .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got some eggs .
the person made scrambled eggs .
the person cleaned the kitchen .
the person got two eggs from a fridge .
the person scrambled the eggs in a metal bowl .
the person fried the eggs in a pan .
the person put the eggs in a bowl .
the person took two eggs from the refrigerator .
the person cracked two eggs .
the person whisked the eggs in a bowl .
the person fried the eggs in a pan on the stove .
the person put the cooked eggs back into the bowl .
the person put some eggs in a sauce pan with oil .
the person flipped the eggs over .
the person finished by putting the cooked eggs in a bowl and cleaning up .
the person got out two eggs .
the person put seasoning in the bowl .
the person whipped two eggs in a bowl .
the person poured the seasoned eggs into a hot pan .
the person cooked the seasoned eggs .
the person washed all the utensils he was done .
the person took out a head of broccoli .
the person boiled the broccoli .
the person put the cooked broccoli on a plate .
the person brought water to boil on stovetop .
the person cleaned the broccoli .
the person chopped broccoli .
the person added seasonings to the pot .
the person added seasonings to the pot .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the broccoli was cooked the person removed the broccoli from the pot .
the person cut some broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli in a pot .
the person pated the broccoli .
the person trimmed the head off of some broccoli .
the person placed some broccoli in seasoned water on the stovetop .
a few minutes the person removed some broccoli .
the person set the broccoli on a plate .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person got a head of broccoli out of the fridge .
the person put out a cutting board , knife and pot .
the person chopped a head of broccoli .
the person boiled the broccoli until the broccoli was done .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took broccoli out of the refrigerator .
the person put a pot of water on the stove to boil .
the person sliced the broccoli into small pieces .
the person discarded the stem .
the person cooked the broccoli .
the person added more spices to the pot .
the person added more spices .
the person put the cooked broccoli onto a plate .
the person boiled water .
the person cut up some broccoli .
the person seasoned the water .
the person added the broccoli to the pot .
the person seasoned the water .
the broccoli boiled for a few minutes , .
the person seasoned the water .
the person used a large knife to remove broccoli pieces from the stem .
the person cut the broccoli pieces into smaller pieces .
the person added the broccoli to a heated pot with salted water .
the person added more seasoning to the pot as the broccoli cooked .
the person boiled water in a pot .
the person cut up fresh broccoli .
the person put the florets into the water .
the person waited for the broccoli to finish cooking .
the person spiced the cooking broccoli .
the person scooped the broccoli out of the water onto an awaiting plate .
the person took broccoli from the refrigerator and a pot from the cabinet .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person put the pot on the stove to boil .
the person cut the broccoli .
the person added the broccoli to the pot .
the person seasoned the broccoli .
the person waited for the broccoli to cook .
the person turned off the stove .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got out a bushel of broccoli from the fridge .
the person started boiling water on the stove .
the person cut the broccoli florets off the stem .
the person put the broccoli florets in the pot .
the person scooped the broccoli out of the boiling water a few minutes .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person boiled water .
the person cut broccoli .
the person cooked the broccoli in the water .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person chopped broccoli .
the person placed the broccoli into the boiling water .
the person placed the broccoli on the plate .
the broccoli was finished , the person took the broccoli .
the person trimmed a small head of broccoli .
the person put a small head of broccoli in a pot of water on the stove with some salt and seasoning .
the person put the broccoli on a plate .
the person took out broccoli .
the person put a pot of water to boil .
the person cut the broccoli into pieces .
the person added salt , spices and broccoli pieces to the boiling water .
the person strained out the boiled broccoli onto a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a head of broccoli .
the person boiled water , .
the person cooked the broccoli in the water .
the person placed the cooked broccoli on a plate .
the person boiled some water .
the person washed the raw broccoli .
the person cut raw broccoli florets from their stalk .
the person added the florets to the pot .
the person used something from a jar and some spice to flavor the broccoli .
the person took the broccoli out of the pot using a strainer spoon .
the person placed the broccoli on a plate .
the person took out a stalk of broccoli from the fridge .
the person cut the florets off the stalk .
the person threw the rest away .
the person put the florets into a pot of water .
the person let a pot of water boil .
the person seasoned the water with salt and spices .
the person used a slotted spoon to scoop the broccoli onto a plate .
the person took broccoli out of a fridge , .
the person removed the broccoli from the packaging .
the person added three different seasonings , .
the person put the broccoli in a pot of water , .
the person boiled the water .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took some broccoli from the refrigerator .
the person cut the florets off the stem .
the person discarded the stem .
the person placed the florets into a pan of water on the stove .
the person cooked the florets .
the person placed the cooked florets on a plate .
the person opened a cabinet and took out a fruit .
the person opened another cabinet .
the person took out a bowl .
the person took both to the counter to his right , .
the person rinsed the fruit over the sink .
with a knife the person started to peel the fruit .
the person cut the fruit .
the person cut the fruit into large chunks .
the person placed the large chunks into the bowl , .
the person carefully picked out the insides of the fruit , .
the person kept the insides of the fruit in the bowl , .
the person disposed of the rest of the fruit .
before the person cleaned up his area .
the person selected a fruit , a pomegranate , from the cabinets .
the person the proceeded to wash the edible portions of the fruit , .
the person cut the edible portions of the fruit , .
the person carved out the edible portions of the fruit .
the person had placed all edible portions of the fruit in a bowl .
the person had thrown away all inedible portions of the fruit .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a pomegranate from the refrigirator .
the person cut the ends off the pomegranate .
the person scored the pomegranate , .
the person twisted the pomegranate in half .
the person removed the pulp and seeds into a bowl .
the person walked into kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate .
the person took a bowl and a knife .
the person washed the pomegranate cut into parts .
the person collected the seeds into a bowl .
the person threw off the trash into the dustbin .
the person sliced the skin from the top and bottom of an onion .
the person sliced the onion in four places from the outside and stopping at the core .
the person used his hands to separate the onion into four pieces .
the person used his fingers to remove all of the seeds from the onion .
the person put the remaining parts of the onion in the garbage can .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled a vegetable .
the person sliced a vegetable .
the person placed the vegetable seeds into a white bowl .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a pomegranate from the cupboard .
the person peeled the pomegranate .
the person broke the pomegranate .
the person picked the seeds from the fruit and .
the person placed the seeds into a bowl .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person took out a pomegranate and bowl .
the person cut the pomegranate open .
the person removed all the seeds into a bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person seeded a pomegranate into a bowl .
the person discarded the excess pieces of pomegranate .
the person finished he washed off his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pomegranate from a cupboard .
the person rinsed the pomegranate .
the person cut off both ends , .
the person scored down the side of the fruit four times .
the person split open the pomegranate .
slowly picked the seeds out of each quarter , .
the person put the seeds in a bowl .
the person was finished , he threw away the pulp .
the person walked into the kitchen , .
the person got out a pomegranate .
the person rinsed off the pomegranate in the sink .
the person peeled the pomegranate .
the person prepared the pomegranate .
the person tossed away the peel .
the person rinsed off his hands .
the person gathered a bowl , knife , and pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate open .
the person scraped the seeds out of the fruit with his hands .
the person cleaned up his hands and working station .
the person pulled a pomegranate out of the pantry .
the person cut a pomegranate into quarters .
the person scraped the inside fruit away from the husk .
the person put the inside fruit in a bowl .
the person cleaned up his waste .
the person washed his hands .
the person got a pomegranate .
the person cut the ends from the pomegranate .
the person removed the seeds from a pomegranate .
the person got out a bowl , knife and pomegranate .
the person washed the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate .
the person removed the seeds from the pomegranate into the bowl .
the person thew away the peel .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a pomegranate .
the person peeled the top and bottom .
the person took the seeds out .
the person put the seeds into a bowl .
the person threw away the rest of the fruit .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person prepared to cut some fruit .
the person removed the seeds from the fruit .
the person discarded the rest into the trash .
the person was done he washed .
the person got a pomegranate , a knife , and a cutting board .
the person cut the pomegranate in four with the knife .
the person pulled all the seeds out of the pomegranate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
a got out a pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate .
the person broke the pomegranate open .
the person pulled the seeds out .
the person put the seeds into a bowl .
the person threw away the remainder .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a pomegranate out of the cabinet .
the person peeled the pomegranate .
the person cut the pomegranate .
the person took the seeds out of the pomegranate .
the person put the seeds in a bowl .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed the egg into a cup of water to check if it was good .
the person placed the egg white into one cup .
the person placed the egg yolk into the other cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person tested the egg in water for freshness .
the person went to the pantry .
the person got two coffee mugs .
the person put the yolk in one mug and the egg white in the other .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a measuring cup .
the person added water to the cup .
the person dipped an egg in the cup .
the person took two cups from the cabinet .
the person separated the egg over one of the cups .
the person placed the yolk in the other cup .
the person got an egg from a fridge .
the person tested the egg by dropping it into a glass of water .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the white from the yolk .
the person put the yolk and white into separate cups .
the person put a egg into a measuring cup full of water .
the person got two cups from a cabinet .
the person separated the egg yolk and whites into the cups .
the person placed an egg into a measuring cup full of water to test if it was still good .
the person had determined that it had not gone bad , he broke the egg in half over a cup .
the person shuffled the yolk back and forth between the two halves of the shell to collect the egg whites .
the person placed the yolk in another cup .
the person took out an egg and two glasses .
the person separated the yolk from the egg-white .
the person discarded the egg shell into the compost .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person acquired a measuring cup , egg , and two cups .
the person tested the egg in water for freshness .
the person separated the egg white and yolk into the two cups .
the person threw away the shell .
the person grabbed an egg from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed two cups from a cabinet .
the person cracked the egg on the corner of a cup .
the person separated the egg white from the yolk .
the person switched the yolk from half to half .
the person spilt the white in a cup .
the person placed the yolk in the other cup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
two small cups from the cabinet .
the person separated the egg into the cups .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled out a measuring cup .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person took an egg from the fridge .
the person got two mugs from a cabinet .
the person cracked the egg over one of two mugs .
the person separated the yolk from the egg white , using the shell .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person filled a glass measuring cup with water .
the person placed an egg in the water , .
the person took an egg out .
the person cracked the egg .
the person left the white in one mug , .
the person dumped the yolk in another mug .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person filled a cup with water .
the person dipped the egg into the water .
the person removed two more cups from the cabinet .
the person cracked the egg , .
the person allowed the white to fall into one cup .
the person placed the yolk in the other .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person dipped an egg in the water .
the person cracked the egg , .
the person placed the egg white into one mug and the yolk into a second mug .
the person took a measuring cup out .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person dropped an egg in the measuring cup .
the person took an egg out of the measuring cup right .
the person cracked an egg into a small cup .
the person separated the yolk from the white .
the person poured the yolk into another small cup .
the person threw away the eggshells .
the person cracked the shell of a brown egg .
the person let all the egg white flow into a coffee mug .
the person put just the egg yolk into another coffee mug .
the person took an egg out from the refrigerator .
the person cracked the egg .
the person placed the egg whites in one cup .
the person placed the yolk in another cup .
the person filled a pitcher with water .
the person cracked an egg on a teacup .
the person poured the egg white in .
the person put the yolk in the other teacup .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person filled a measuring cup with water .
the person grabbed an egg .
the person placed an egg into the water .
the person removed an egg .
the person cracked the egg over a small cup .
the person shifted the egg back and forth in its shell .
the person separated the egg whites from the yolk .
the person grabbed an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person than dunked the egg in water to easily crack the egg .
the person cracked the egg .
the person separated the yolk from the white part .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person brought out a cauliflower plant from a pantry .
the person used a paring knife and chopping board to trim off all the outer stemmed and leaved .
the person broke off the plant into chunks .
the person transferred the cauliflower chunks into a colander .
the person finished by rinsing the cauliflower pieces in the sink .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a cauliflower from the cabinet .
the person took a knife .
the person cut away the outer leaves on a cutting board .
the person discarded the leaves .
the person cut the cauliflower into smaller florets .
the person rinsed the florets in the sink with a colander .
the person threw out the waste .
the person cut up a cauliflower .
the person rinsed the cauliflower .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got some cauliflower out of the cabinet .
the person got out a knife and cutting board .
the person removed the leaves .
the person began to cut the head of cauliflower into small pieces .
the person put the head of cauliflower into a strainer .
the person rinsed the head of cauliflower .
the person sliced the cauliflower into individual pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the strainer .
the person rinsed the cauliflower in the sink .
the person took out a piece of fresh cauliflower .
the person removed all the unwanted parts .
the person cut the cauliflower head into small pieces .
the person rinsed these pieces .
the person cut off the leaves and stalk of the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into big florets .
the person rinsed these florets well .
the person got out the cauliflower .
the person began to take off the leaves , .
the person started taking off chunks of the cauliflower .
the person washed the cauliflower in a bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and cauliflower .
the person removed the leaves , .
the person cut pieces of the cauliflower to break the cauliflower down .
the person put the pieces in a bowl .
the person washed the pieces .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took out a cauliflower , chopper board and a knife .
the person removed outer leaves , stem of cauliflower .
the person thrown the outer leaves and the stem of cauliflower into dustbin .
the person removed the florets of cauliflower .
the person washed the florets under running water .
the person took out a cauliflower , knife , and cutting board .
the person removed the leaves on the cauliflower with the knife and his hands .
the person cut off the stem .
the person cut the cauliflower into florets , .
the person placed the florets in a metal bowl , .
the person washed the cauliflower florets .
the person discarded all the leaves and the center .
the person cut off segments .
the person washed the cauliflower segments .
the person pulled cauliflower out of the pantry , .
the person removed the outer layer .
the person sliced the stem off the cauliflower .
the person chopped up the cauliflower .
the person placed the cauliflower in a pot .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cauliflower from the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person used the knife to cut the leaves and bottom off the cauliflower .
the person cut the cauliflower into small pieces .
the person rinsed the small cauliflower pieces .
the person took a cauliflower from the cabinet .
the person cleaned off the stem and leafs .
unwanted parts into a plastic bowl .
the person cut the florets into chunks , .
the person put eatable parts into a metallic bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cut the cauliflower .
the person ripped the cauliflower into little pieces .
the person put cauliflower into a silver bowl .
the person got a cauliflower out of the cabinet .
the person cut the outer leaves off of the cauliflower .
the person broke apart the cauliflower .
the person placed the cauliflower in a bowl .
the person washed the cauliflower .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took a cauliflower , pad , knife .
the person cut cauliflower into pieces .
the person put cauliflower in a vessel .
the person purred some water in vessel .
the person took a head of cauliflower out of a kitchen cabinet .
the person laid the cauliflower , a cutting board , and a knife on the counter .
the person took off the cauliflower 's leaves .
the person chunked the cauliflower .
the person rinsed the vegetable under the tap .
the person got cauliflower from a fridge .
the person cleaned the cauliflower .
the person chopped the cauliflower .
the person put the cauliflower in a bowl .
the person removed a coffee maker , coffee , filters , sugar , cup and saucer from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the pot .
put water in the maker .
the person added the filter and coffee .
the person put everything away .
the person put sugar and coffee in his cup .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out filers .
the person plugged in the coffee maker .
the person poured the water int he maker .
the person placed items in the maker .
the person brewed the coffee .
the person poured the coffee in the cup .
the person got everything he needed to make coffee .
the person put everything on the counter .
the person rinsed out the coffee pot .
the person used the coffee pot to fill the coffee machine .
the person put a filter in the machine .
the person scooped some ground coffee into into the machine .
the person poured water into the reservoir of the coffee maker .
the person put a filter and coffee into the coffee maker .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person poured the coffee into a cup with some sugar .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person prepared coffee using a coffee machine .
the person poured the coffee into a cup .
the person put water in a coffee maker .
the person put a filter and coffee in the coffee maker .
the person put the coffee and some sugar in a cup .
the person waited for the coffee to brew .
the person set up a coffee maker .
the person took out coffee .
the person added water and coffee to the maker .
the person took a coffee machine out of the bottom cabinet .
the person rinsed the coffee pot .
the person filled the machine with water .
the person put coffee in the filter .
the person turned the machine on .
the person poured the coffee in the cup .
the person stirred the coffee with sugar .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a coffee maker out .
the person filled the coffee maker with water .
the person added coffee .
the person added some sugar to a cup .
the coffee was done brewing the person poured some in .
the person stirred the sugar into the coffee .
the person filled a coffee maker with water .
the person added a filter and some coffee ground to the coffee maker .
the person placed some sugar into a coffee cup .
the person poured the coffee into the coffee cup .
the person stirred the cup of coffee .
the person plugged on a coffee-maker .
the person poured water into the boiler and coffee powder in the filter jar .
the person put two teaspoon of milk powder in a cup .
the person mixed the filtered coffee with the milk powder .
the person removed a coffee maker and other items to make a cup of coffee .
the person prepared the coffee into the maker .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person prepared his coffee mug .
the person poured a cup of the coffee .
the person took out coffee and a coffee maker .
the person made coffee with hot water .
the person poured the coffee into his cup .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person removed the coffee pot from the cabinet .
the person got his ingredients .
the person put his ingredients in the coffee pot .
the person waited until the coffee was done .
the person poured his a cup of coffee .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a coffee maker out of the cabinet .
the person took out filters , coffee and sugar .
the person filled the coffee reservoir with water .
the person put the filter and coffee grounds in the pot .
the person got a cup and saucer out of the cabinet .
put sugar in the cup .
the person poured the coffee into the cup the coffee was done .
the person entered a kitchen to prepare a cup of coffee .
the person grabbed coffee .
the person readied the coffee maker .
the person added sugar to a cup .
the person waited for the coffee maker to make the coffee .
the person poured the coffee .
the person stirred the coffee .
the person added water , a coffee filter and coffee grounds to the pot .
the person added sugar to a cup the coffee brewed .
the person filled the cup with coffee the coffee was done .
the person took out a coffee machine from the drawer .
the person put ground coffee into the machine .
the person got a coffee machine from a drawer .
the person got filter , coffee , and sugar from a cabinet .
the person put a filter and coffee in the machine .
the person put the sugar and coffee in a cup .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a juicer , lime , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the lime in half , .
juiced each side of the lime .
the person took a green lemon .
the person cut a green lemon in two halfs .
the person squeezed both halfs on a squeezer .
the person placed a juicer on the counter , .
the person walked over to the refrigerator .
the person removed a lime .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person got a juicer , a lime , a knife , and a cutting board .
the person cut the lime in half .
juiced both halves of the lime .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person picked up half of the lime again .
the person took out a juicer , a knife , and a cutting board .
the person grabbed a lime from the fridge .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person squeezed the lime over the juicer .
there was the person in a kitchen gathering the items necessary to juice a lime .
the person tried to juice the lime .
so the person gave up and rinsed his hands off .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person prepped his counter top to juice a lime .
the person grabbed a juicer , knife , and cutting board , .
the person retrieved a lime from the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in half , .
the person juiced the lime , .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out a juicer , a lime , cutting board , and knife from various places around the kitchen .
the person utilized the knife and the cutting board to cut the lime into two halves .
the person struggled a little using the juicer he juiced both lime halves .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person cut the lime in half on a cutting board .
the person used a juicer to juice the lime .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a lime , a juicer , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person cut the lime in half , .
the person juiced the whole lime .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a lime from the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in two .
the person squeezed both halves into the juicer .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out a cutting board , knife , lime , and a juicer .
the person attempted to juice the lime , struggled greatly and gave up .
the person chopped a lime into two halves .
the person tried to extract juice from two halves using a citrus juicer .
the person proceeded to wash his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a juicer .
the person took a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person cleaned his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got out a manual juicer .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got a lime .
the person got out a knife and cutting board .
the person cut the lime in half on the board .
the person juiced both halves of the lime .
the person got a knife , a cutting board , and a juicer from a drawer .
the person got a lime from a fridge .
the person juiced the lime on the juicer .
the person took a lime out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person ground the slices on the surface of the juicer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took one lime from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person juiced both halves of the lime .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person juiced the halves on a juicer .
the person washed his hands .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in halves with a knife .
the person squeezed the lime on a lemon squeezer .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person pressed the halves onto a juicer .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took a juicer , a lime , a knife and cutting board .
the person sliced the lime .
the person squeezed lime juice using juicer .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a cucumber out of the fridge .
the person began by cutting a cucumber in half .
the person used a vegetable peeler to peel shavings into a small metal bowl .
the person diced the remaining inner fruit .
the person placed the pieces into a larger metal bowl .
the person washed the cutting board .
the person put away the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a cucumber from the fridge .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the peeled cucumber .
the person diced each of the slices of cucumber .
the person put the diced cucumber into a bowl .
the person washed a cucumber in the sink .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced up the cucumber .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got out some utensils .
the person got a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber .
the person put the pieces in a bowl .
the person took a cucumber out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into small pieces .
the person put the cucumber pieces into a large metal bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a knife from the drawer .
the person picked cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the skin of cucumber .
the person cut into small pieces .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber into many small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into the bowl .
the person removed the outer skin from a cucumber using a peeler .
the person cut the peeled cucumber into slices of desired thickness .
the person showed how to dice each of these slices into small cube-shaped pieces .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person sliced a cucumber .
the person placed the diced and skinned cucumber into a bowl .
the person cleaned off the cutting board .
the person dried the cutting board he used .
the person removed a cutting board , knife , and peeler from the drawer .
the person placed a cutting board , knife , and peeler on the counter .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person washed a cucumber .
the person cut a cucumber in half .
the person peeled each half .
diced each half .
the person placed the cucumber pieces in a large bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a knife , peeler , cutting board , two bowled and a cucumber .
the person washed the cucumber , .
the person cut the cucumber in half , .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person put the pieces into one of the bowled .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a knife scrapper and a cutting board .
the person took a cucumber .
the person peeled the skin with the scrapper .
the person cut the cucumber into pieces .
the person transferred the cucumber into a bowl .
the person came into the kitchen looking for kitchen tools/utensils .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person put the cucumber into two separate bowled .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person finished the first one he did the same thing to another one .
the person finished that he washed off his cutting board .
the person put the cutting board back into the drawer .
the person got a cucumber from a fridge .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person put the slices in a metal bowl .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cucumber , knife , peeler and cutting board .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber into small pieces .
the person put the pieces into a bowl .
the person sliced the cucumber .
the person removed food preparation utensils from the kitchen drawers .
the person removed a cucumber from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the cucumber .
the person diced the cucumber .
the person placed the cucumber in a bowl .
the person rinsed off the cutting board .
the person put away the cutting board .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person cut the cucumber into very small pieces .
the person placed the pieces into a bowl .
the person cut a cucumber in half , .
the person peeled one of the halves .
the person put the diced cucumber in one bowl , and the peels in another .
the person sliced one of the halves .
the person diced one of the halves .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person peeled a cucumber .
the person sliced a cucumber into little pieces .
the person placed the cucumber pieces into the silver bowl .
the person came .
the person took beans to cut .
the person washed beans .
the person cut beans corners .
the person cut those beans into very small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took out four bean pods , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person rinsed the pods , .
the person cut off the inedible parts .
the person threw away the inedible parts , .
the person sliced up the pods .
the person put the knife on the cutting board .
the person in a kitchen retrieved some string beans from a fridge .
the person rinsed the beans in a sink .
the person trimmed off the ends with a knife and chopping board .
the person chopped the beans into fine pieces .
the person took out a cutting board , knife , and some beans .
the person washed the beans .
the person sliced off the tips of the beans .
the person diced the beans .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a knife and cutting board from under the counter .
the person got some snap peas from the fridge .
the person rinsed the snap peas .
the person placed the peas on the cutting board .
the person cut the peas into small pieces .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person took bean pods out of the refrigerator .
the person chopped the bean pods on the cutting board .
the person took out three strings of green beans from the fridge .
the person washed the beans .
the person cut the beans into smaller chunks .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person rinsed the beans using the sink .
the person sliced the beans into little pieces on the cutting board .
the person took some green beans .
the person used a chopping board and knife , removed the ends .
the person discarded the ends into a bin .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person took four flat beans out from the fridge .
the person rinsed the beans off with running water , .
the person cut the ends off each bean .
the person tossed all the bean ended into the trash .
the person sliced the beans into small pieces .
the person gathered the beans into a pile .
the person put down his knife .
the person washed four beans .
the person cut the edges off both sides of the beans .
the person chopped the beans into small , approximately half a centimeter wide pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took cutter board and green beans from kitchen .
the person washed the beans thoroughly .
the person snipped the ends with paring knife .
the person chopped the beans into thin strips .
the person rinsed the beans thoroughly .
the person removed the ends .
the person disposed of the ends .
the person thinly cut the beans into little squares .
the person prepared to cut beans .
the person hunched over .
the person trimmed the ends off of all of the beans .
the person threw about the ends , .
the person proceeded to hunch back over the cutting board .
the person chopped the beans .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some beans from the refrigerator .
the person washed the beans .
the person prepared the beans to be cut .
the person cut the beans into small pieces .
the person placed cleaned four long green beans in a sink .
the person placed the green beans on a cutting board .
the person cut off the stemmed .
the person cut the beans into fine slices .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired a cutting board , knife , and some beans .
the person washed the beans , .
the person cut the stemmed off .
the person diced the beans .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person retrieved four bean pods from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the beans .
the person cut the beans .
the person removed beans from the refrigerator .
the person washed the beans in the sink .
the person cut the beans into pieces .
the person got some long green beans out of the refrigerator .
the person put the long green beans on a cutting board .
the person sliced the long green beans into small pieces with a knife .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a juicer and a lime .
the person cut the lime into two pieces .
the person juiced each half of the lime .
the person took out a juicer , a dish and a lime .
the person placed the lime on the dish .
the person sliced the lime with a knife .
the person squeezed each half using the juicer .
the person removed a juicer and a plate from the cupboards .
the person took a lime from the fridge and a knife from a drawer .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person acquired a juicer , plate , knife and lime .
the person cut the lime in half .
juiced each side of the lime .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a juicer , plate , and lime .
the person cut the lime in half .
juiced each side .
the person got a lime from the fridge .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime on a juicer .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person placed a reamer , a lime , and a plate on the counter .
the person squeezed the juice out of the lime with a reamer .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a lime .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person juiced both halves of the limes .
the person took one lime out of a package .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced one half of the lime , and the other .
the person got a lime from the refrigerator .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced the lime in a juicer .
the person gathered a lime and preparation supplies in a kitchen .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person placed the lime half to the side , .
the person juiced the second half of the lime .
the person got out a squeezer and a plate .
the person took a lime from the fridge .
the person cut a lime in half on the plate .
the person used the squeezer to squeeze juice from half of the lime .
the person removed a lime from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the lime in half .
the person juiced both halves of the lime .
the person took out a juicer and a lime .
the person cut the lime , .
the person the proceeded to squeeze the juice out of the lime as thoroughly as possible .
the person checked the juice .
the person set the juicer aside .
the person took out a juicer and a plate from the cupboard .
the person took a lime out of the fridge .
the person took a knife out from the drawer .
the person cut the lime in half .
the person juiced each half of the lime .
the person pushed the juicer and juice forward .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a juicer on the counter .
the person took a lime from the refrigerator .
the person sliced a lime in half .
the person juiced the lime with the juicer .
the person took out a juicer .
the person took out a kiwi .
the person cut the kiwi .
the person juiced the kiwi .
the person placed a lime juicer and a plate on the countertop .
the person put a lime on the plate .
the person cut a lime in half .
the person squeezed the juice out of each half with a juicer .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got hot dogs , buns , and a pot out .
the person toasted the buns in the oven .
the person boiled the hot dogs .
the person put the toasted buns and hot dogs on two plates .
the person added onions , ketchup and mustard on both .
the person took out hot dogs and buns .
the person baked the buns .
the person cooked the hot dogs .
the person put the hot dogs onto the buns with condiments .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person heated the hot-dog buns using the microwave .
the person cooked two hot-dogs using a pot of water .
the person added ketchup and other toppings on the cooked hot-dogs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person boiled water in a pot .
the person put hot dogs in the water and buns in the oven to toast .
the person served the hot dogs with ketchup , mustard and relish .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person started a pot with water heating on the stove .
the person got out buns and hotdogs .
the person put the buns in the over .
the person put hotdogs in the pot , .
the person got out condiments .
the person prepared the hotdogs .
the person heated water on a stove .
the person toasted two buns in the oven .
the person cooked two hot dogs on the stove .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns .
the person put ketchup , mustard , and a solid condiment on the buns .
the person walked in the kitchen .
the person removed the pot .
the person turned on the stove .
the person got his ingredients .
the person cooked the hotdogs .
the person put the ingredients on the hotdogs .
the person toasted two hot dog buns in the oven .
the person boiled two hot dogs on the stove top .
the person served the hot dogs with mustard , ketchup , and relish .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a pot .
the person put water in the pot .
the person set the pot to boil .
the person took out hot-dogs and rolls .
the person prepared the hot-dogs and rolls .
the person took out the plates and condiments .
the person put the hot-dogs on the rolls .
the person added the fixings .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got a pot of water .
the person boiled on the stove a pot of water .
the person cut the hot dog buns .
the person got prepared to make some delicious hot dogs .
the person microwaved two hot-dog buns .
the person boiled two hot dogs .
the person placed two hot-dogs on a plate .
the person dressed the hot-dogs with some toppings .
the person took out a pot , .
the person put some water in a pot , .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person turned on the stove , .
the person got two weiners , .
the person put two weiners in there the counter .
the person got two buns .
the person got a knife , a cutting board , .
the person slit the center of the two buns .
the person cooked buns in the oven , .
the person got the other ingredients .
the person made hotdogs .
the person warmed buns .
the person cooked hot-dogs in a pot .
the person put the buns on plates .
the person put a hot-dog on each bun .
the person added ketchup , mustard and some of what was in the bowl .
the person boiled water for the hot-dogs .
the person prepped the buns to be toasted .
once prepped the person put the buns in the oven .
the hot-dogs boiled .
the person put the buns and the hot-dogs together .
the person heated some buns in the oven .
the person cooked some hot-dogs in a pot .
the person put the hot-dogs on the bun .
the person put ketchup , mustard , and pickles on the hot-dog .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person heated some water in a pot .
the person toasted some buns in an oven .
the person added two hot dogs .
the person put the cooked hot dogs on the toasted buns .
the person dressed the hot dogs with mustard , ketchup and a condiment .
the person boiled water .
the person toasted the rolls .
the person cooked hot-dogs .
the person got hotdogs and buns .
the person toasted the buns in an oven .
the person boiled the hotdogs in a pot of water .
the person put the cooked hotdogs on the buns .
the person put condiments on the hotdogs .
person prepared hot-dog burger with vegetable slizes garnished with ingredients , jam and ketchup .
the person sliced two buns .
the person toasted two buns in an oven .
the person cooked two hot dogs in boiling water in a pot .
the person placed each of two hot dogs inside a bun .
the person applied chili peppers , ketchup , and mustard to each of the hot dogs .
the person skinned the fig .
the person sliced a fig .
the person plated the prepared fig .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person took out a fig from the refrigerator .
the person peeled a fig .
the person sliced the fig .
the person put the pieces in the bowl .
the person took a freesh fig .
de-stemed the fig .
the person peeled the fig .
the person sliced the fig .
the person placed the fig in a bowl it was done .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a fig , cutting board , peeler and knife .
the person washed the fig .
the person peeled the fig .
the person cut the fig into discs .
the person plated the sliced fig .
the person got a fig from a fridge .
the person peeled the fig with a vegetable peeler .
the person sliced the fig into circles .
the person put the fig on a plate .
the person went into the refrigerator to find for the fruit .
the person searched for cooking utensils .
the person rinsed the fig .
the person washed food and utensils .
the person peeled the fruit .
the person sliced the fruit , .
the person discarded trash .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a fig from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the fig .
the person peeled the fig on a cutting board .
the person sliced the fig .
the person placed the slices in a bowl .
the person removed a fig from the refrigerator .
the person peeled the fig , .
the person sliced the fig .
the person placed the sliced fig onto a plate .
a womthe person got a fig out of the refrigerator and his utensils out of the drawers .
the person peeled the fig .
the person cut the peeled fig into slices .
the person put his utensils in the sink .
the person took a fig from the kitchen .
the person peeled the skin with slicer .
the person cut the fig .
the person placed the fig in a plate .
the person disposed the wastes .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person peeled the fig using a peeler .
the person placed the pieces of fig onto the white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a fig from the fridge and a cutting board , peeler , and knife from under the counter .
the person peeled the fig .
the person sliced the fig into small pieces .
the person put the pieces into a bowl .
the person took out a fig and cutting board .
the person washed the fig .
the person peeled the fig .
the person sliced the fig .
the person placed the sliced fig into a bowl .
the person took out a fig , a cutting board , peeler , and knife .
the person washed the fig and utensils .
the person peeled the fig .
the person took out a bowl , .
the person washed the bowl , .
the person sliced the fig .
the person put the slices in the bowl .
the cook got a pear , .
the person washed the fruit , .
the person peeled the fruit .
the person sliced the fruit into circular pieces .
the person finished slicing the pear , .
the person placed the pear in a bowl .
the person finished by washing his cutting board .
the person selelcted a knife .
the person scraped the peel from the fig with a peeler .
the person sliced the fig .
the person took a fig out of the refrigerator .
the person got out a cutting board , peeler , and knife .
the person cut the top off the fig .
the person peeled the fig skin .
the person cut the fig into four quarters .
the person washed the fig .
the person peeled a fresh fig .
the person cut the fig up into around one centimeter thick discs .
the person arranged the discs in a dish .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a fig from the refrigerator .
the person gathered a cutting board , peeler , and knife .
the person rinsed the fig .
the person cut off the stem .
the person peeled the fig .
the person sliced the fig .
the person placed the slices in a bowl .
the person took a fig out of the fridge .
the person washed the fig .
the person peeled the fig .
the person cut the fig into slices .
the person put the fig sliced into a bowl .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread out of the cabinet .
the person sliced the loaf of bread on the cutting board .
the person took a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person cut two slices from the loaf of bread .
the person returned the bread to the cabinet .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board from under the counter .
the person got a loaf of bread from the pantry .
the person used a knife to cut two pieces of bread .
the person put away the rest of the bread .
the person walked to the cupboard .
the person took out a loaf of bread .
the video showed the person slice an uncut loaf of bread .
the person cut two pieces of bread with a sharp knife and a cutting board .
the person placed the remaining loaf back into the cupboard .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a cutting board , knife and loaf of bread .
the person cut two pieces of the loaf , .
the person put the loaf back in the cupboard .
the person prepared a cutting board and loaf of bread on a kitchen counter .
the person used a long knife to cut two slices of bread .
the person put the bread back in its bag .
the person returned the bread to the cabinet where he found the bread .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a bread from the cupboard .
the person cut two slices from a bread .
the person kept the remaining bread in the cupboard .
the person retrieved a loaf of bread .
the person placed the loaf on a cutting board .
the person sliced two slices of bread from the loaf .
the person returned the loaf to the cupboard .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person removed a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person took a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person sliced two pieces of bread .
the person put the loaf of bread back into the cabinet .
the person grabbed a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
the person sliced the loaf on a cutting board .
the person placed the excess loaf that remained in the cupboard .
the person obtained a bread board , a six inch loaf of bread , and a bread knife .
the person cut two slices off of the bread .
the person put away the uncut bread loaf .
the person got a cutting board and a knife from a drawer .
the person got a loaf of bread from a cabinet .
the person sliced the bread .
the person put the bread away .
the person cut two slices off of the loaf of bread .
the person began cutting bread on a cutting board .
the person put the bread away .
the person took a loaf of bread out of the pantry .
the person sliced to pieces of bread from the loaf with a knife .
the person put the loaf of bread back in the pantry .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person removed some bread from a cabinet .
the person sliced the bread .
the person got a loaf of bread from the cupboard .
on a cutting board the person sliced off two pieces of bread .
the person put the loaf back in the cupboard .
the young person walked into the kitched .
the person pulled out a loaf of bread from a cupboard and a wooden cutting board from a larger drawer .
the person removed the bread from the bag .
the person pulled out a bread knife .
the person cut two average slices of bread .
the person returned the bread to the cupboard in its plastic bag .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person removed a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person sliced off two pieces of bread from the loaf .
the person put the loaf of bread back into the cabinet .
the person took out a loaf of bread from the cabinet .
the person cut two slices of bread .
the person placed the loaf of bread back in the cabinet .
the person took out some bread .
the person cut a couple of pieces for herself .
the person returned the rest of the loaf to the cabinet .
the person took a fig out of the fridge .
the person cut a fig into thin rounds .
the person arranged a fig on a plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person washed a fig .
before trimming a fig top and bottom .
the person sliced a fig neatly .
the person attractively displayed the slices on a plate .
the person washed up .
the person put away the utensils he had used .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person sliced a fig into little pieces .
the person decorated the figs on a white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took figs from the refrigerator .
the person selected on fig .
the person rinsed the fig in the sink .
the person sliced the fig on a cutting board .
the person arranged the slices on a plate .
the person cleaned cutting board and knife .
the person put the cutting board and knife away .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took a fig .
the person washed the fig first .
the person cut the fig into slices .
the person decorated the figs in a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a fig , plate , cutting board and knife .
the person cut the tip off of the fig .
the person sliced the fig thinly .
the person arranged the pieces on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person rinsed the fig .
the person proceeded to cut a fig .
the person sliced the fig into thin slices .
the person arranged the slices very carefully on the plate .
the person took a fig out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the fig into slices .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person cleaned the dishes he used .
first the person washed a fig .
the person cut off the ends .
the person cut the fig up , .
the person sliced up the rest of the fig .
the person arranged the pieces on a plate .
the person took a vegetable from the refrigerator .
the person washed the vegetable .
the person sliced the vegetable .
the person arranged the slices on a plate .
the person took out a fig .
the person rinsed a fig off .
the person cut the fig on a cutting board with a knife .
the person arranged the fig slices on a plate .
the person washed the materials .
the person put the materials away .
the person rinsed a plate and a fig .
the person sliced the fig with a knife on a cutting board .
the person arranged the fig in a floral pattern .
the person cleaned up the kitchen .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person got a fig from the refrigerator .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person began to cut a fig .
the person was done cutting , .
the person arranged the pieces on a plate .
the person washed the cutting board and knife .
the person rinsed a fig .
the person sliced the fig a few pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto the plate .
the person took out a fig and a plate .
the person washed the fig .
the person cut the fig .
the person placed the fig onto the plate .
the person went to the refrigerator .
the person got a fig .
the person got a plate , knife and cutting board .
the person sliced the fig .
the person arranged the fig on a plate .
the person was done he washed .
the person put away the things he used .
the person washed his hands .
the person dried his hands .
the person removed a fig from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a fig off in the sink , .
the person sliced a fig up .
the person placed the slices on the plate .
the person arranged the slices .
the person got a fig from a fridge .
the person cut the fig into circles .
the person put the sliced fig on a plate .
the person rinsed off a fig .
the person sliced both ended off of a fig on a cutting board with a knife .
the person sliced the fig .
the person carefully arranged the fig slices on a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got some figs .
the person cut the fig into slices .
the person arranged the fig on a plate .
the person cleaned the kitchen he finished .
the person took out a clove of ginger .
the person cut the stem part off of the ginger .
the person cut the stem part into fine slices .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed some ginger from the cabinet .
the person pulled a cutting board and a knife out of a set of drawers .
the person cut the ginger into slices .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out some ginger root from the cabinet .
the person cut a small portion off with a knife .
the person sliced the small portion on the cutting board .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some ginger from the pantry .
the person cut the ginger with a knife .
the person entered the kitchen , .
the person took out a ginger root , a knife , and a cutting board .
the person sliced up a small section , .
the person set aside the remainder .
the person put the knife on the counter .
the person took out a knob of ginger from the pantry .
the person cut a small piece off of the ginger knob .
the person cut the piece of ginger into small slices .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person retrieved a ginger root from the cabinet .
the person got a cutting board and knife from under the counter .
the person cut a piece off the ginger root .
the person sliced a piece off the ginger root into small pieces .
the person took out ginger from the cabinet .
the person sliced a piece off of the ginger .
the person cut the ginger piece into smaller pieces .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a ginger root , cutting board and knife .
the person cut one segment off .
thinly sliced one segment of ginger .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a piece of ginger out of cabinet .
the person took out a cutting board and a knife .
the person cut a small piece of ginger off .
the person cut the piece into small slices .
the person proceeded to put the knife down .
the person came into a kitchen .
the person had cut a piece of ginger .
the person finished cutting a small piece of ginger .
the person got a piece of ginger out of the pantry .
the person sliced a smaller piece from the large piece of ginger .
the person sliced the smaller piece into even smaller pieces .
the person removed a ginger from the cabinet .
the person cut off a piece of ginger .
the person sliced the piece of ginger into smaller cut .
the person entered into view .
the person took out some ginger , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person sliced a small chunk of the ginger .
the person got a small brown vegi .
the person retreaved a cutting board , knife .
the person got a small brown vegi .
the person looked up .
the person got ginger from a cabinet .
the person cut a small piece off of the ginger .
the person sliced the ginger root into chunks .
the person placed a piece of ginger on a cutting board .
the person used a knife to chop .
the person sliced the ginger into miniscule pieces .
the person cut up some stem ginger using a chopping board and a knife .
the person cut off a small part from the stem .
the person cut this smaller portion into neat slices .
the person placed a thumb of ginger on a cutting board .
the person sliced off a small piece of the thumb of ginger .
the person proceeded to cut this small piece into a few smaller bits .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got some ginger root from the cupboard .
the person person cut a small piece off the ginger .
the person minced the ginger .
the person stepped away from the counter .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out some pasta , a pot and a colander .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person added the pasta .
the water boiled .
the person took a plate out of the cabinet .
the person added salt to the water .
the person put the cooked , drained and rinsed pasta into the plate .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person took out the pasta .
the person cooked the pasta .
seasoned the pasta .
the pasta finished cooking and the person drained the pasta .
the person got a pot , .
the person filled a pot with water , .
the person set a pot on the stove to boil .
the person salted a pot .
the person put the lid on .
the person put pasta in the water .
once the water boiled , .
the person stirred the pasta , .
the person adjusted the stove temperature , .
the person got a colander , .
the person ate some of the pasta to test doneness .
the person salted the water again , .
the person dumped the done pasta into the colander to drain .
the person put some of the pasta on a plate .
the person took out a pot and pasta .
the person boiled water .
the person cooked the pasta .
the person put the cooked pasta onto a plate .
the person put a pot of water on a stove .
the person added pasta to the pot .
the person strained off the cooked pasta .
the person put the cooked pasta on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person waited for the water to heat .
the person added pasta to the pot .
the person drained the pasta in a colander .
the person placed the pasta on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a pot from under the counter .
the person added water , pasta and seasoning .
the person drained the pasta .
the person poured the pasta on a plate .
the person heated some water in a pot on a stove .
the person put some pasta into the cooking pot .
the person strained the pasta .
the person placed the cooked pasta onto a plate .
the person put water , spices and pasta in a pot on the stove .
the person poured the pasta in a colander .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put part of the pasta on the plate .
the person placed water in a pot to boil .
the person added a bag of pasta to the pot to allow the pasta to cook .
once the pasta cooked , .
the person strained the pasta .
the person plated the pasta .
the person prepared pasta by boiling water and salt .
the person added pasta to the boiling water .
the person waited the pasta cooked .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put the pasta onto a plate .
the person boils water in a large pot , .
the person added noodles .
the person stirred in the noodles .
the person stirred occasionally .
the person added seasoning to the pasta .
the person waited for the noodles to be done , .
the noodles were done , the person tasted the noodles , .
the person poured the contents of the pot into a colander .
the person poured the noodles onto a plate .
the person bent , .
the person searched to find cooking utensils .
the person waited for the water to boil .
the person wiped down water from the stove top and counter .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cooked pasta in a pot of water .
the person grabbed a pot .
the person filled the pot with water .
the person placed the pot on the stove .
the person added salt to the pot of water .
the person poured some pasta in a boiling pot .
the person added salt to the pot .
the person waited for the pot to finish .
the person put the finished pasta on a plate .
the person boiled some water .
the person cooked some pasta in the water .
the person drained the pasta .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person plated the pasta .
the person heated some water in a pot on the stove .
the person put some pasta in the water .
the person cooked the pasta .
the person strained the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person filled a stainless steel pot of water halfway with water .
the person waited for the stainless steel pot of water to boil .
the person poured half a bag of pasta into the boiling water .
the person waited for the pasta to cook , .
the person drained the pasta .
the person poured half of the pasta into his bowl .
the person boiled water .
the person added the pasta .
the person stirred the pasta .
the person seasoned the pasta .
the person strained .
the person rinsed the pasta .
the person put the pasta on a plate .
the person put water on the stove to boil .
the person added salt to the water .
the person took out some pasta .
the person added pasta to the water .
the person took a chilli from the cupboard .
the person washed the chilli .
the person cut the chilli into pieces .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person pulled a pepper out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed the pepper .
the person began to cut the pepper on a circular cutting board .
the person cut the pepper into smaller pieces , .
the person took the stem .
the person threw the stem in the garbage .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a chilli pepper out the cabinet .
the person sliced the chilli pepper into little pieces .
the person got a chilli from the cabinet .
the person washed the chilli .
the person diced the chilli .
the chef washed a red chili pepper .
the person dried a red chili pepper .
the person placed a red chili pepper on the cutting board .
the person began to slice a red chili pepper into many pieces .
the person discarded the top and stem into the garbage can .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a chilli from the pantry .
the person got out a knife and a cutting board .
the person cut the chilli into segments .
the person discarded the stem .
the person walked into a kitchen , .
the person took out a chili , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the chili .
the person diced the chili , .
the person threw away the stem .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a chilli from the cabinet .
the person rinsed the chilli .
the person dried the chilli on a towel .
the person diced the chilli on a cutting board .
the person got a chili , cutting board , and knife .
the person washed the chili off in the sink .
the person dried the chili off .
the person sliced the chili into small pieces .
the person washed a chilli pepper .
the person dried a chilli pepper .
the person used a knife and chopping board , he cut a chilli pepper into small pieces .
the person discarded the stem end of the chilli .
the person got a chili from a fridge .
the person got a cutting board and a knife .
the person sliced the chili .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a chilli .
the person cut the chilli into pieces .
the person threw the stem in dustbin .
the person took a chili pepper and a cutting board .
the person placed a chili pepper and a cutting board on the counter .
the person rinsed the chili pepper off .
the person dried the chili pepper .
the person cut the chili pepr into small rounds .
the person removed a chili pepper from the cabinet .
the person washed the chili .
the person chopped the chili into circular chunks .
the person took a chili out of the cabinet .
the person rinsed a chili in the sink .
the person sliced the chili into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a chili from the pantry .
the person rinsed the chili at the sink .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the chili into small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a red chili pepper , a cutting board , and a knife .
the person rinsed the pepper , .
the person dried the pepper , .
the person sliced the pepper up crosswise .
the person threw the stem away .
the person took out a chili and cutting board .
the person wiped the chili on a dishrag .
the person sliced the chili into small pieces .
the person took a chili pepper out of the pantry .
the person also took out a knife and cutting board out from beneath the counter .
the person sliced the chili pepper into small rings .
the person threw the stem away into the trashcan .
the person took a chili pepper out of the pantry .
the person put a chili pepper on a cutting board .
the person sliced a chili pepper into small pieces with a knife .
the person cut an avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into chunks .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person pitted an avocado , .
the person peeled an avocado , .
the person sliced an avocado .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person threw away the skin .
the person took an avocado out .
the person cut an avocado down the middle .
the person peeled half an avocado .
the person removed the pit from the other half .
the person peeled the other half .
the whole avocado was peeled , the person sliced the fruit .
the person peeled the skin off an avocado .
the person removed the pit .
the person sliced the avocado into small pieces .
the person took an avocado out of the fridge .
the person cut the avocado in half , .
the person cut the stem end off .
the person peeled the avocado with a knife , .
the person sliced both avocado halves into tiny pieces .
the person disposed of the peels and pit .
the person washed his hands with running water .
the person entered a kitchen area .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person put the half with the seed on a plate .
on a cutting board , the person trimmed the half without the seed first .
the person trimmed the half with the seed .
the person cut all of the sections into smaller sections .
the person threw out the avocado scraps in the garbage .
the person washed his hands .
the person took out an avocado .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into chunks on a plate .
the person removed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person cut an avocado into half .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado into strips .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took an avocado out of the refrigerator .
the person peeled the skin .
the person took the core out of the avocado .
the person than placed the avocado onto a small plate .
the person cut the avocado into small pieces .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person removed the pit by scoring around it with a knife and popping it out with his thumb .
the person peeled the halves with a knife .
the person cut the avocado halved into smaller segments .
the person cut an avocado in half .
the person peeled the skin off each half with a knife .
the person chopped up the avocado into several inch-long pieces .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an avocado out of the fridge .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person removed the pit .
the person cut the avocado into pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person sliced an avocado in half , .
the person peeled the skin off of each half .
the person removed the pit , .
the person sliced up the avocado halved into small pieces .
the person threw away the skin and the pit .
the person removed an avocado .
the person sliced an avocado in half , .
the person peeled an avocado .
the person placed the avocado on the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an avocado from the fridge .
the person cut the skin off the avocado .
the person removed the pit .
the person seeded the avocado .
the person cut the avocado into small chunks .
the person rinsed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out an avocado .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person cut the top off of both sides .
the person peeled one half .
the person placed one half on a plate .
the person removed the seed from the other side , .
the person peeled the other side .
the person placed the other side on the plate as well .
the person cut each avocado half into small pieces .
the person got an avocado from a fridge .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado into strips .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person peeled an avocado .
sliced an avocado .
the person diced an avocado .
the person threw away scraps .
the person washed his hands .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person grabbed an avocado out the fridge .
the person sliced avocado into little pieces .
the person placed the sliced avocado on a white plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took an avocado from the sink .
the person peeled cut the avocado in half .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person cut the halves into cubes .
the person put the peelings and pit into the waste bin .
the person sliced an avocado into two .
the person removed the rind and pit .
the person cut the avocado into bite sized pieces .
the person discarded of the seed and rind .
the person cut the avocado in half .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person sliced the avocado into small pieces .
the person threw away the scraps .
the person grabbed an avocado from the refrigerator .
the person put an avocado on a cutting board .
the person cut the avocado in halves .
the person removed both ends .
the person peeled the avocado .
the person placed the avocado on a plate .
the person cut the avocado in small pieces .
the person trew in the trash the skin and the seed of the avocado .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink .
the person dried the plum .
the person started to cut the plum on a cutting board .
the person stopped cutting halfway through .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person pulled a plum from the fridge .
the person grabbed a towel .
the person walked to the counter .
the person washed the plum .
the person pulled out a knife , and cutting board .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the plum into pieces .
the person picked a plum .
the person rinsed a plum with water .
the person dried a plum with a towel .
the person put a plum on a cutting board .
the person proceeded to carve the plum into several chunks with a knife .
the person grabbed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person grabbed a towel from a counter .
the person rinsed the plum .
the person cut the plum in pieces .
the person got a plum .
the person washed a plum .
the person sliced a plum into three parts .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a plum , knife and cutting board .
the person cut the plum .
the person quartered the plum .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum off in the sink .
the person sliced the plum up on the cutting board .
the person went into a kitchen .
the person grabbed a towel .
the person washed a plum .
the person cut a plum .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the plum in the sink .
the person sliced the plum into a few pieces .
the person took a plum out of the fridge .
the person washed a plum off .
the person dried a plum , .
the person took out a knife and cutting board .
the person cut a plum in half around the pit , was n't able to separate the halves .
the person cut a plum into four slices around the pit instead .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person cut the plumb in half .
the person cut the plum into small slices .
the person pulled the pit out .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the fridge .
the person rinsed the plum .
the person dried the plum at the sink .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the plum into pieces .
the person entered kitchen .
the person took plum and wipe cloth .
the person washed the plum in sink .
the person wiped the plum in wipe cloth .
the person took cutter board and knife .
the person sliced the plum into pieces .
the person retrieved a plum from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed a plum .
the person dried a plum .
the person cut a plum into slices on a chopping board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum .
the person sliced the plum on a cutting board .
the person got a plum out the fridge .
th person cleaned the plum .
the person cut up the plum .
the person took a plum from the fridge .
the person washed a plum .
the person dried a plum .
the person got a knife and cutting board .
the person sliced a plum into small slices .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took a plum from the fridge .
the person washed the plum .
the person dried the plum off .
the person cut around the pit with a knife .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got a plum from the refrigerator .
the person cut the plum into pieces .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took a plum from freeze and a napkin from platform .
the person washed the plum .
the person wiped with napkin .
the person to cut plum into three pieces .
the person failed to cut the third piece in small pieces .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs .
the person cut the herbs up on a cutting board .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person cleaned up his mess .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a package of herbs , cutting board and knife .
the person washed the herbs .
the person diced two stalks of herbs .
the person washed the herbs .
the person diced two stalks of herbs .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the table .
the person removed herbs from the counter , .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person selected a different kind of herb , .
the person chopped the herb .
the person placed the herbs on the plate .
the person separated the herbs .
the person entered kitchen .
the person picked a bunch of different kinds of herbs from refrigerator .
the person selected one kind of green herbs , .
the person washed the green herbs .
the person cut the green herbs in to small pieces .
the person kept the green herbs aside in a plate .
the person picked another kind of herbs from the bunch .
the person cut the herbs also in to small pieces .
the person placed the herbs also to a corner of the plate .
the person discarded the wastage in to the bin .
the person returned the left over bunch of herbs to the refrigerator .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the refrigerator .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person began cutting the herbs .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person was done , he cut up another type of herb .
the person threw away the stemmed .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got herbs from the fridge .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person got herbs from a plant .
the person diced the herbs .
the person put the herbs on the same plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got some herbs from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the herbs into pieces .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person cut up some more herbs from the counter .
the person put the herbs on the plate as well .
the person used two different types , one from the fridge .
the person washed some herbs .
the person chopped up some herbs .
one from a growing plant on a kitchen counter .
the person removed a bag of herbs from a refrigerator .
the person chopped two different types of herbs up .
the person placed the herbs in a bowl .
the person chopped two different types of herbs up .
the person placed the herbs in a bowl .
the person placed the bag of herbs back into the refrigerator .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took a chopper board , a plate and a knife .
the person took herbs from freeze .
the person washed the herb .
the person cut the herb into small pieces .
the person kept the pieces into the plate .
the person took green onion leaved .
the person cut the washed leaves .
the person kept the washed leaves also in the same plate separately .
the person took out herbs , a cutting board , a knife and a plate .
the person washed the herbs .
the person diced some herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the plate .
the person diced a second type of herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the plate .
the person discarded the stemmed .
the person took out a cutting-board .
the person placed a cutting-board onto a counter .
the person obtained a knife .
the person used a knife to slice two different vegetables .
the person placed the vegetables onto a plate .
the person used a knife to slice two different vegetables .
the person placed the vegetables onto a plate .
the person washed some herbs .
the person chopped some herbs .
the person put some herbs on a plate .
the person got some more herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs on the plate , too .
the person took out a cutting board , some herbs , and a plate .
the person rinsed the herbs , .
the person chopped the herbs , .
the person put the herbs onto the plate .
the person gathered new herbs from the counter , .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs up .
the person added the new herbs to the plate .
the person chopped what appeared to be cilantro .
the person placed the cilantro on a plate .
the person chopped what appeared to be scallion .
the person placed the scallion onto the same plate .
the person set the cilantro , scallion apart on the plate so that they did n't mix together .
the person got some herbs .
the person cleaned the herbs .
the person cut the herbs .
the person put both chopped herbs on a plate .
the person got another herb .
the person cleaned the herb as well .
the person cut the herb too .
the person put both chopped herbs on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took some herbs out of the fridge .
the person rinsed the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on the cutting board .
the person cut the herbs into pieces , .
the person placed the herbs on a plate .
the person got herbs from the counter .
the person rinsed the herbs in a sink .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person removed herbs from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the herbs into small pieces .
the person placed these pieces onto the plate .
the person got a pepper from a fridge .
the person pulled the stem from the pepper .
the person put the pepper on a plate .
the person diced the pepper with a knife .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person sliced the pepper on the cutting board .
the person placed the sliced pepper on a white plate .
the person cleaned up herself .
the person opened the fridge .
the person took out a pepper .
the person placed the pepper on a cutting board .
the person finely chopped the pepper .
the person placed the finished results on a plate .
the person disposed the extras .
the person took out a pepper , a knife , and a cutting board .
the person cut the pepper .
the person threw away the pit and seeds .
the person sliced the pepper .
the person diced the pepper .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person entered into the kitchen .
the person took a capsicum from freeze .
the person washed a capsicum .
the person cut the capsicum into the large pieces .
the person again cut the large pieces into small pieces .
the person kept the small pieces in the plate .
the person washed the chopper board and knife .
the person wiped his hands with napkin .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pepper .
the person cut the pepper into large pieces .
the person put the large pieces on a plate .
the person cut the large pieces into small pieces .
the person cleaned up .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got a pepper from the fridge .
the person used a knife and cutting board to cut the pepper into pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person searched the vegetable bin for the red pepper .
the person sliced the pieces of the pepper , .
the person cut the pieces of the pepper , .
the person got a pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced the pepper into slices .
the person cut the slices into smaller pieces .
the person put the pieces on a plate .
the person took out a pepper and a cutting board .
the person washed the pepper .
the person cut the pepper into fine pieces .
the person washed the bell pepper .
the person cut the red pepper vertically into four pieces .
the person threw the stalk .
the person cut each piece into long strips .
the person chopped up the strips into small , centimeter long pieces .
the person took a red bell pepper out of the fridge .
the person trimmed the flesh off of a red bell pepper , .
the person moved the pieces onto a plate .
the person disposed of the stem end , .
the person diced each piece into small squares .
the person moved the diced bell pepper onto the plate .
the person washed his utensils .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person took out a pepper , cutting board , knife and plate .
the person quartered the pepper .
the person diced the pepper , .
the person put the pieces on the plate .
the person got a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person got a cutting board and knife .
the person cut the pepper in to chunks .
the person washed the knife and cutting board .
the person took a red bell pepper out of the refrigerator .
the person placed the pepper pieces on a plate .
the person chopped a red bell pepper into smaller pieces on a cutting board .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a red pepper .
the person cut around the seeds and stem of the pepper .
the person threw away the seeds and stem .
the person diced the pepper on a cutting board .
the person put the diced pepper on a plate .
the person cut a red pepper into large chunks .
the person diced the larger pieces into smaller pieces .
the person put all of the small pieces on a plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife .
the person dried his hands .
the person put the bell pepper on a plate .
the person cut a bell pepper into strips .
the person cleaned his dishes .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took a pepper from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the pepper on a cutting board .
the person put the slices on a plate .
the person diced the slices .
the person put the diced on a plate .
the person rinsed the cutting board and knife in the sink .
the person sliced a pepper into five pieces .
the person sliced those pieces into smaller ones .
the person placed the small pieces onto the plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out a plum and cutting board .
the person took a knife .
the person sliced the plum .
the person separated the plum from the pit with his hands .
the person discarded the pit in the waste bin .
the person took a plum from the refrigerator .
the person tried cutting a plum with the knife .
the person pulled a plum apart with his hands .
the person repeated this several times .
the person was done he threw a piece a way .
the person washed his hands .
the person entered a room .
the person removed a plum from the fridge .
the person placed the plum on the counter .
the person began to cut the plum open .
the person removed the pit .
the person disposed of the plum 's pit .
the person gathered a small fruit , cutting board , and knife .
proceded to use the knife to make a shallow cut along the outside edge of the fruit , .
the person quatered the fruit .
once quaterd the person removed the pit .
the person rinsed a plum .
the person cut a plum .
the person split a plum into four pieces .
the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit in the garbage .
the person took a plum .
the person put a plum on a cutting board .
the person used a knife to skin the plum .
the person cleaned up himself .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person retrieved a cutting board .
the person took a plum from the fridge .
the person retrieved a knife , .
the person cut the plum open .
the person discarded the pit .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person sliced the plum in half , .
the person removed the pit .
the person tossed the pit in the trash can .
the person took a plum out of the refrigerator .
the person sliced the plum in half .
the person pulled the pit out .
the person cut the plum into smaller pieces .
the person threw the pit away .
the person took out a plum from the refrigerator .
the person cut a plum and cut a plum through to the center .
the person pulled apart about half of the plum .
the person extracted the entire put from the plum .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got a cutting board .
the person got a plum and knife .
the person tried to cut the plum in half .
a difficult time , the person removed the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person obtained a plum , knife and cutting board .
the person cut up the plum , .
the person removed the pit .
the person removed a plum from the refrigerator .
the person cut the plum around the seed .
the person pulled apart the meat of the plum .
the person discarded the seed .
the person selected a knife .
the person scored the plum in half lengthwise .
the person twisted the plum in half .
the person removed the pit .
the person got a knife and a cutting board from a drawer .
the person got a plum from a fridge .
the person pulled the plum off the seed .
the person took a cutting board out and a plum from the refrigerator .
the person cut the plum .
the person pulled apart the plum into chunks .
the person removed the seed .
the person threw the seed away .
the person took a cutting board out of the drawer .
the person took a small fruit from the refrigerator .
the person took a knife out of the drawer .
the person sliced the fruit with some difficulty .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person grabbed a plum .
the person washed a plum .
the person used a knife to slice the fruit away from the pit .
the person used his fingers to dig out the pit .
the person threw the pit away .
the person went into the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board on the counter .
the person got a plum from the refrigerator .
the person began to cut pieces of the plum from the seed .
the person was done , he rinsed his hands .
the person took out a plum .
the person cut the plum into pieces .
the person disposed of the seed .
the person grabbed herbs from the counter .
the person cut the herbs in half .
the person cut the herb halved into small pieces .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person retrieved a cutting board and knife from a drawer .
the person sliced some herbs , .
the person put the sliced herbs on a plate .
the person washed the knife .
the person placed a knife back on the cutting board .
the person took herbs from the counter .
the person cut the herbs into small pieces .
the person placed the pieces onto a small plate .
the person took a small handful of herbs .
the person chopped the herbs finely .
the person used the knife to place the chopped herbs on a small plate .
the person washed and dried off the knife .
the person took out a cutting board and knife from the kitchen drawer .
the person found an herb .
the person chopped the herbs into small pieces .
the person placed the herb on a small plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person placed the herb on the cutting board .
the person chopped up the herb , .
the person placed the herbs on a plate .
the person picked herbs from a plant on the kitchen counter .
the person finely choped the herbs .
the person placed the chopped herbs on a plate .
the person rinsed the knife he used to chop the herbs .
the person set the plate of herbs to the cutting board , on the counter .
the person finely diced herbs on a cutting board .
once diced the person used the blade that he cut the herbs with to transfer the herbs to a bowl .
the person took a cutting board and knife out of the drawer .
the person chopped some small herbs on the cutting board .
the person took a saucer out of the cabinet .
the person placed the herbs on the saucer .
the person selected some herbs from off the counter .
the person put the herbs on a cutting board .
the person cut the herbs in small pieces .
the person put the pieces on a small plate .
the person picked some chives from a plant growing in the kitchen .
the person used a chopping board and knife , he cut the chives up finely .
the person placed the chives on a small plate .
the person washed the knife .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person prepared a carving board and knife on the counter .
the person picked fresh herbs from his indoor garden .
the person diced the fresh herbs on the cutting board .
the person removed a small plate from the cupboard , .
the person transferred the chopped herbs from the cutting board to the plate .
the person gathered a couple blades of herb from a potted herb plant .
the person chopped the blades of herb with a knife on a cutting board .
the person placed the chopped herb on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person placed a cutting board and knife on the counter .
the person trimmed some fresh herbs from a plant on the counter .
the person diced the herbs on the cutting board .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person cleaned the knife .
the person picked the herbs .
the person chopped the herbs .
the person put the chopped herbs in a bowl .
the person entered a kitchen .
the person took out a knife , cutting board , and some herbs .
the person diced the herbs .
the person placed the herbs on a plate .
the person came into kitchen .
the person took knife , pad , and herbs .
the person made herbs into small pieces with knife .
the person cleaned knife with water and cloth .
the person got herbs from a counter .
the person chopped the herbs on a cutting board .
the person put the herbs on a plate .
the person picked some fresh herbs .
the person finely chopped the fresh herbs .
the person placed the diced herbs on a plate .
the person took out hot dogs and condiments .
the person boiled the hot dogs .
the person put the hot dogs on buns with condiments .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person placed a pot on a stove .
the person turned on the stove .
the person placed two hot dogs into the pot .
the person prepared two hot dog buns with ketchup , mustard , cheese , and bacon .
the person placed the two cooked hot dogs in a bun .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person set a pot of water to boil .
the person took hot-dogs , condiments and rolls out .
the person cooked the hot-dogs .
the person prepared the rolls with the condiments .
the person took out two plates .
the person put a prepared roll on each one .
the person put a cooked hot-dog onto each roll .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person put two hot dogs in a pot of water .
the person boiled the hot dogs .
the person put the hot dogs in hot dog buns with onions , cheese , ketchup and mustard .
the person dumped the pot water .
the person filled a pot with water .
the person put a pot on the stove .
the person placed two hot dogs in the pot .
the person added condiments to two hot dog buns .
the person placed the two cooked hot dogs in the buns .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person cooked the hot-dogs using a pot of water .
the person added ingredients onto the hot-dog buns .
the person placed the hot-dogs onto the buns .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person put two hot dogs into the pot .
prepared two buns on a cutting board .
the person dressed the buns with ketchup , mustard , and other condiments .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns that he had placed on two plates .
the person poured the pot of water into the sink .
a gentleman entered the kitchen .
the person prepared to make hot dogs .
the person sliced the buns .
the person dressed the buns with ketchup , mustard , relish , and onion .
the person watched the hot dogs cook .
the person straightened up his area .
the person boiled the hot-dogs .
the person added topping to hot-dog buns .
the person cleaned up he was through .
the person cooked some hot-dogs in a pot .
the person put toppings on two buns .
the person put ketchup and mustard on the buns .
the person put the cooked hot-dogs on the buns .
the person grabbed a pot from out the cabinet .
the person retrieved two hot dogs from the jar .
the person placed two hot dogs in the pot .
the person positioned the buns on the plate .
the person placed the hot dogs on the buns .
the person put water on to boil .
the person took out two buns .
the person put two hot dogs in the water .
the person spread two buns with a number of condiments .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns on two plates .
the person filled the pot of water .
the person cooked hot dogs in the pot .
the person added condiments to the buns .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns .
the person got hotdogs from a fridge .
the person got buns .
the person boiled the hotdogs in a pot of water .
the person put condiments on the buns .
the person put the hotdogs on the buns .
the person got out a pot .
the person put some water in a pot .
the person turned the stove .
the person preceded to boil the water .
the person went to the fridge .
the person got some weiners , ketchup , and mustard .
the person opened a drawer .
the person pulled out a wooden round plate .
the person got buns and other ingredients , and the weiners in the pot .
the person brought a pot of water to a boil .
the person added two hot dogs to the boiling water .
the person put mustard , ketchup , onions , and relish on two hot dog buns .
the person put the hot dogs onto the buns .
the person put water on stove to boil .
the person put hot dogs in pot .
the person put hot dogs in pot .
the person prepared hot dog buns .
the person took out condiments and the hot dogs .
the person prepared the buns and the hot dogs .
the person put the hot dogs in the buns .
the person put a pot of water on the stove .
the person turned the stove on .
the person got out an assortment of condiments and hot dogs .
the person cooked the hot dogs in the water .
the person cut two buns .
the person put the hot dogs on the buns with condiments .
so the person went into the kitchen to prepare something to eat .
the person gathered up the hot dogs and all the ingredients and utensils he needed .
the person cooked the hot dogs .
the person made up the hot dog buns .
the person put the finished hot dogs on the finished buns .
the person cleaned up his mess and was ready to eat .
the person added salt and pepper to an oiled pan , .
the person started cooking the omelet .
the person sprinkled the omelet with a green plant , .
the person put the omelet on his plate .
the person broke open an egg .
the person whisked an egg in a teacup .
the person put the whipped egg into a warm pan .
the person got a plate and utensils .
the person waited for the egg to become firmly cooked .
the person poured the cooked egg onto the plate .
the person cracked an egg into a mug .
the person added salt and pepper to the egg .
the person stirred with a fork .
the person poured the egg mixture into a heated frying pan .
the person added some herbs on top of the egg it cooked .
the person entered kitchen .
the person placed pan on the stove .
the person took eggs from the fridge .
the person mixed egg , salt , pepper .
the person poured the egg to the hot pan .
the person spilled green chillies on the egg .
the person took the egg out sometime with spatula .
the person placed the egg in the plate .
the person cracked an egg , .
the person whisked the egg , .
the person poured the egg into a hot saute pan on the stove .
seasoned an egg .
the person removed the egg from the pan .
the person placed the egg on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person placed a pan on the stove .
the person took an egg from the refrigerator .
the person beat an egg in a cup with a little salt and pepper .
the person adjusted the heat .
the person added oil to the pan .
the person poured the beaten egg from the cup into the pan .
the person sprinkled an herb on top .
the person transferred the cooked egg onto a plate with a wooden spatula .
the person scrambled an egg and some seasonings .
the person cooked the egg in a pan .
the person put some herbs on the eggs .
the person plated the egg .
the person took out a skillet and an egg .
the person cooked the egg in the skillet .
the person plated cooked egg .
the person took out supplies and one egg .
the person prepared an egg mixture with seasonings .
the person cooked the egg in a frying pan .
the person placed the cooked egg on a plate .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person took out a frying pan .
the person took an egg out of the refrigerator .
the person beat an egg .
the person put an egg into the frying pan .
the person cooked an egg .
the person took an egg out of the pan .
the person put an egg on a plate .
the person got an egg from a fridge .
the person cracked the egg into a cup .
the person fried the egg in a frying pan .
the person put the cooked egg on a plate .
the person concocted a mixture of eggs and spices .
the person proceeded to cook the mixture in a pan .
the person managed to watch the eggs for a without touching them .
the person served the egg on a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person whisked the egg in a bowl .
the person heated a pan .
the person poured the egg into the pan .
the person cooked the egg .
the person served his egg on a plate .
the person walked into a kitchen .
the person obtained a pan , egg , cup and fork .
the person cracked the egg into the cup , .
the person added salt , .
the person scrambled the egg .
the person poured some oil into the pan .
the person placed the egg in the pan to cook .
several minutes the person added some herbs .
the person moved the egg around with a spatula .
several more minutes , the person placed the egg onto a plate .
the person came into the kitchen .
the person got out the necessary items to scramble an egg .
the person seasoned the egg .
the person put the egg to cook adding herbs on top .
the person watched the egg cook .
the person got out the necessary item to serve the egg .
the person served the egg with a smile .
the person cracked an egg .
the person poured an egg inside a cup .
the person added salt and pepper to the egg .
mixed the egg with a fork .
the person poured the egg into a preheated pan with oil .
the person added another condiment the egg was cooking .
the person put the egg on a plate with a spatula .
the person walked into the kitchen .
the person got an egg from the fridge .
the person cracked the egg into a coffee mug .
the person stirred the egg .
the person cooked the egg .
seasoned the egg in the skillet .
the person slid the egg onto a plate .
the person entered the kitchen .
the person took out tools and an egg .
the person mixed the egg with seasonings .
the person fried the egg in hot oil .
the person tried to fold the egg onto the plate .
the person grabbed an egg from the refrigerator , .
the person cracked an egg into a teacup .
the person scrambled the egg .
the person poured the egg onto the frying pan .
the person cooked the egg for a few minutes .
the person garnished the egg , .
the person slid the egg from the pan to a paper plate .
the person took an egg out of the fridge .
the person cracked an egg into a cup .
the person added some salt and pepper .
the person beat an egg with a fork .
the person poured an egg into a hot pan .
the person waited for an egg to cook .
at one point , the person sprinkled on a bit of a seasoning .
once the eggs were cooked , the person slid the egg onto a plate .
